Table of Contents

 

 

 

 

 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_____________________________

Form 10-K

☒       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

☐            TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________________ to ________________

Commission file number: 001-36426

_____________________________

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

(Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter)

                                                                                     

                                      Delaware                                                                           04-3156167

                          (State or other jurisdiction of                                                             (I.R.S. employer

                           incorporation or organization)                                                           identification no.)

2 Mill & Main Place, Suite 395

Maynard, Massachusetts 01754

(978) 648-6000

(Address and telephone number of the registrant’s principal executive offices)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”):

                                                                                                                   

                   Title of each class                                       Trading Symbol(s)                              Name of exchange on which registered

        Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share                                    AQB                                          The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933.

  Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

  Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

  Yes ☒   No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

  Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer  ☐      Accelerated filer  ☐      Non-accelerated filer  ☒     Smaller reporting company  ☒     Emerging growth company  ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.      ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

  Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes  ☐    No  ☒

At June 30, 2021, the aggregate market value of the 43,685,796 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $234.2 million. At March 9, 2022, the registrant had 71,025,738 shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 17, 2022 (the “2022 Proxy Statement”), are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10K.

 

 

 

 



Table of Contents

 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021

 

Table of Contents

 

                                                                                                                                

PART I                                                                                                                           Page

Item 1.     Business                                                                                                               1

Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                                                                          12

Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                             27

Item 2.     Properties                                                                                                            27

Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                                                                     27

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                               27

PART II                                                                                                                             

Item 5.     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities          27

Item 6.     Selected Financial Data                                                                                               27

Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                                 28

Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                            33

Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                           33

Item 9.     Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                  33

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures                                                                                               33

Item 9B.    Other Information                                                                                                     34

Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                                                   34

      

PART III                                                                                                                            

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                                                35

Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                                                                                35

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters                        35

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                                             35

Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services                                                                                35

PART IV                                                                                                                             

Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                                            36

Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary                                                                                                     40

SIGNATURES                                                                                                                        40

 

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

 

This Annual Report on Form 10K, particularly the sections titled “Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” contains forward looking statements. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this Annual Report on Form 10K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10K, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “is designed to,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “objective,” “should,” or the negative of these and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements that are not historical facts, including statements regarding management’s expectations for future financial and operational performance and operating expenditures, expected growth, and business outlook; the nature of and progress toward our commercialization plan; the future introduction of our products to consumers; the countries in which we may obtain regulatory approval and the progress toward such approvals; the volume of eggs or fish we may be able to produce; the timeline for our production of saleable fish; the expected advantages of land-based systems over sea cage production; the validity and impact of legal actions; the completion of renovations at our farms; and the establishment of a larger-scale grow-out facility.

 

We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10K include, but are not limited to, statements about:

 

·the anticipated benefits and characteristics of AquaBounty’s genetically engineered AquAdvantage salmon (“GE Atlantic salmon”) product; 

·the implementation and likelihood of achieving the business plan, future revenue, and operating results; 

·our plans for (including without limitation, projected costs, locations and third-party involvement) and the timing of the development of new farms and the output of those farms (including our Pioneer, Ohio farm); 

·developments concerning our research projects; 

·our expectations regarding our ability to successfully enter new markets or develop additional products; 

·our competitive position and developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; 

·expectations regarding anticipated operating results; 

·our cash position and ability to raise additional capital to finance our activities; 

·the impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic (the “COVID-19 pandemic”) on our business, operations and financial results, any of which could be significantly impaired by the COVID-19 pandemic; 

·our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and technologies; 

·the impact of and our ability to adapt to changes in laws or regulations and policies; 

·the ability to secure any necessary regulatory approvals to commercialize any products; 

·the rate and degree of market acceptance of any products developed through the application of bioengineering, including genetically engineered fish; 

·our ability to retain and recruit key personnel; 

·the success of any of our future acquisitions or investments; 

·our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the “JOBS Act”); 

·our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; and 

·other risks and uncertainties referenced under “Risk Factors” below and in any documents incorporated by reference herein. 

 

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the risks to which the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10K are subject. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking 



Table of Contents

 

statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions, and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included, particularly in the section titled “Risk Factors,” that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments that we may make.

 

Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10K. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments unless required by federal securities law. New risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such risks.

 

i

 





Table of Contents

 

 

 

SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business, including those described in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:

·We have a history of net losses and will likely incur future losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability.

·Our business plans include the need for substantial additional capital and without it we may not be able to implement our strategy as planned or at all.

·Ethical, legal, and social concerns about genetically engineered products could limit or prevent the use of our products and limit our revenues.

·We may have limited success in gaining consumer acceptance of our products.

·Our business is affected by the quality and quantity of the salmon that we harvest.

·We may experience a significant fish mortality event in our broodstock or our production facilities that could impact the price of our common stock.

·A shutdown, damage to any of our farms, or lack of availability of power, fuel, oxygen, eggs, water, or other key components needed for our operations, could result in our prematurely harvesting fish, a loss of a material percentage of our fish in production, a delay in our commercialization plans, and a material adverse effect on our operations, business results, reputation, and the value of our brands.

·Security breaches, cyber-attacks and other disruptions could compromise our information, expose us to fraud or liability, or interrupt our operations, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.

·The successful development of our business depends on our ability to efficiently and cost-effectively produce and sell salmon at large commercial scale.

·Our ability to generate revenue to support our operations depends on maintaining regulatory approvals for our GE Atlantic salmon and our farm sites and obtaining new approvals for farm sites and the sale of our products in other markets, the receipt of which is uncertain.

·We will be required to continue to comply with FDA and foreign regulations.

·We remain dependent on third parties for the processing, distribution and sale of our products.

·We may be required to write-down the value of our inventory if its net realizable value is less than its accumulated cost at the end of a reporting period.

·If our products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, which could adversely affect our financial results and damage our reputation.

·The loss of our GE Atlantic salmon broodstock could result in the loss of our commercial technology.

·Business, political, or economic disruptions or global health concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could seriously harm our current or planned business and increase our costs and expenses.

·The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties.

·Industry volatility can affect our earnings, especially due to fluctuations in commodity prices of salmon.

·If we lose key personnel, including key management personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, it could delay our commercialization plans or harm our research and development efforts, and we may be unable to sell or develop our own products.

·The price of our shares of common stock is likely to be volatile.

·Our share price and our ability to raise additional funds may depend on our success in growing, or our perceived ability to grow, our GE Atlantic salmon successfully and profitably at commercial scale.

·Atlantic salmon farming is subject to disease outbreaks, which can increase the cost of production and/or reduce production harvests.

 



Table of Contents

 

 

The summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below, in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and in the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. If any such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Where You Can Find More Information

 

We file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) periodic reports and other information, including our Annual Report on Form 10K, quarterly reports on Form 10Q, current reports on Form 8K, and amendments to those reports. The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file, as we do, electronically with the SEC.

 

All of these documents are available free of charge on our website, www.aquabounty.com, and will be provided free of charge to any shareholders requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., 2 Mill & Main Place, Suite 395, Maynard Massachusetts 01754, Telephone: (978) 648-6000. We use our website as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations, and financial information. In addition, our website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when we post news releases and financial information on our website. The information contained on, or accessible from, our website or in any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC is intended to be inactive textual references only, and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K.

 

ii

 

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

Part I

 

Item 1.  Business

 

Overview

 

Feed a growing world by developing and deploying new aquaculture technologies.

 

At AquaBounty, we believe we are a leader in the field of land-based aquaculture and the use of technology for improving its productivity and sustainability. Our objective is to ensure the availability of high-quality seafood to meet growing global consumer demand, while addressing critical production constraints in one of the most popular farmed species. We are committed to feeding the world efficiently, sustainably and profitably.

 

Aquaculture is the farming of aquatic organisms such as fish, shellfish, crustaceans, and aquatic plants. It involves cultivating freshwater or saltwater species under controlled conditions, as an alternative to the commercial harvesting of wild species of aquatic organisms.  According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (“FAO”), aquaculture was a $250 billion industry in 2018, and we are targeting the $17 billion salmon farming segment of that industry.

 

Our GE Atlantic salmon is based upon proprietary salmon genetics and grows to harvest size faster than conventional Atlantic salmon. Our salmon was approved for production, sale, and consumption in the United States on November 19, 2015 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). This was followed by an approval from Health Canada for the production, sale, and consumption of our salmon in Canada on May 19, 2016 and an approval from the National Biosafety Technical Commission for the sale and consumption of our salmon in Brazil on May 12, 2021. Consequently, we have received approvals for our product from what we believe are three of the most respected and rigorous regulatory agencies in the world.

 

We farm our GE Atlantic salmon in land-based, recirculating aquaculture systems (“RAS”), which allow inland fish farms to be established close to major demand centers in a profitable and environmentally sustainable manner. We believe that our 25 years of experience growing salmon in land-based farms, coupled with the unique genetics of our faster-growing GE Atlantic salmon, provides us with a competitive advantage and an opportunity to establish multiple salmon farms throughout North America and the world. 

 

We currently have two salmon farms in production – a 1,200 metric ton facility in Indiana and a 250 metric ton demonstration facility on Prince Edward Island, Canada. Our plans include the construction of a new 10,000 metric ton farm in Pioneer, Ohio during the next twenty-four months and an additional three to four new 10,000 metric ton farms in North America at sites close to consumer consumption over the next seven-to-ten years. We are also pursuing regulatory approval for our GE Atlantic salmon in Israel and China, with the goal of entering those markets with local partners in the form of joint ventures or licensing arrangements.  Additionally, we plan to utilize our expertise in biotechnology and RAS operations to enter complimentary areas of the aquaculture industry.

 

Our strategy is to continually strengthen our core capabilities, scale our business and pursue growth opportunities. 

 

Market Drivers

 

Population Growth Drives Demand for Food Protein

 

According to FAO, the global population is projected to exceed 9 billion people by 2050, or roughly 26% growth over the next 28 years.  Along with this increase is a growing middle class with more disposable income, which is driving increased demand for protein food sources.  And according to FAO, global fish consumption has been growing faster than all other animal protein foods.

 

Traditional Fisheries Cannot Meet the Demand

 

The increased demand for fish protein cannot be satisfied from traditional capture fisheries.  FAO states that over 90% of the world's fisheries are fully fished or overfished.  Total production from global capture fisheries has been relatively stable since the late-1980s, with catches generally fluctuating between 86 million metric tons and 93 million metric tons per year, reaching 96 million metric tons in 2018.  In contrast, over the same period, aquaculture fish production has grown from 14 million metric tons to a level of 82 million metric tons in 2018 and now accounts for 46% of global fish production.  Feeding the growing population and meeting the demand for fish protein will require aquaculture production to almost double by 2050.

 

1

 



Table of Contents

 

 

  

The chart below depicts the projected gap between supply and demand over the next 28 years.

 



Source: FAO - The State of World Fisheries and Aquaculture 2020 for actual data

through 2018.  Company estimates based on FAO data for projections through 2050.

 

Salmon Farming

 

Atlantic salmon farming is a major industry in the cold-water countries of the northern and southern hemispheres. According to FAO, global tonnage of Atlantic salmon aquaculture production grew by approximately 2% annually between 2015 and 2019, reaching 2.6 million metric tons with a value of over $17 billion. We believe that the aquaculture industry – and in particular salmon farming – is  poised for significant growth in the coming years, as the global population expands and consumers seek out high-quality proteins. However, the near-term outlook will continue to be influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on both production and demand.

 

Below is a break-down by major producing country for the time period 2015 through 2019, which is the last year for which data is readily available from FAO.

 

Worldwide Atlantic Salmon Production by Country (in metric tons)

 

                                                                                                                         

Country                                                   2015             2016             2017             2018             2019

Norway                                                      1,303,346        1,233,619        1,236,353        1,282,003        1,364,042

Chile                                                         608,546          532,225          614,180          661,138          701,984

United Kingdom                                                172,146          163,135          189,707          156,025          190,500

Canada                                                        121,926          123,522          120,553          123,184          118,630

Faroe Islands                                                  80,600           83,300           86,800           78,900           95,000

Australia                                                      48,331           56,115           52,580           61,227           56,989

Ireland                                                        13,116           16,300           18,342           11,984           11,333

United States                                                  18,719           16,185           14,685           16,107           16,491

All other                                                      14,549           22,592           25,163           35,205           60,993

Volume-Worldwide (mt)                                       2,381,279        2,246,993        2,358,363        2,425,773        2,615,962

 

Source: FAO - Fisheries and Aquaculture Information and Statistics Service - 2/9/2022

 

Limitations of Conventional Sea-Cage Salmon Farming

 

Conventional salmon aquaculture takes place in large cages (sea cages) in coastal waterways exposed to currents, which can bring a variety of pathogens in contact with the farmed salmon. The presence of pathogens in an uncontrolled environment such as this is a universally accepted fact in human and animal health. Such disease agents in these uncontrolled water currents can result in infection and spread of infection within the captive population. The risks and outcomes of conventional, open sea-cage systems are well established, including the susceptibility to extreme weather conditions, and are often evidenced by outbreaks of a variety of bacterial 

2

 



Table of Contents

 

and viral diseases as well as water fouling and contamination due to algal blooms and similar events. This risk of disease has led to the widespread use of antibiotics, vaccines, and other pharmacological agents.

 

The most prevalent disease and health management issues are infectious salmon anemia (“ISA”) and sea lice. ISA is a viral disease in Atlantic salmon, and outbreaks have occurred in virtually every major salmon farming geography since 1984, including a major event in Chile in 2008 that impacted the country’s production for three years. There is currently no effective treatment for the disease, and the salmon farming industry relies on health management practices to mitigate its impact.

 

Sea lice are marine parasites that occur naturally and attach to the skin of Atlantic salmon. Even a few sea lice can increase the likelihood of secondary infections and mortality, and the presence of significant numbers are likely to have adverse effects on fish health and aesthetic appearance. The cost of managing sea lice in sea-cage farming environments can be significant.

 

Another limitation of the conventional salmon production system is that the farms are not located near the ultimate consumers and thus an additional carbon footprint is created in transporting the fish from its production to its consumption location.

 

We believe we offer a better, more sustainable alternative to conventional salmon production.

 

AquaBounty Solution

 

Land-Based RAS Production

 

The closed, contained, land-based production systems using RAS technology that we use for the grow-out of our fish are less susceptible to the disease-related pressures of conventional salmon farming, because this type of culture system is isolated from the environment. RAS facilities employ sophisticated water treatment technology including the use of ozone, salt treatment and ultraviolet radiation to kill potential bacterial, fungal, or viral pathogens which might enter the system. In addition, incoming water is similarly filtered and treated prior to entering the system, and water quality is regularly measured as part of the standard procedures. The fish in RAS facilities are generally not vaccinated against typical fish diseases, and no antibiotics, pesticides, or pharmacological agents are typically required. RAS facilities employ effective biosecurity to prevent disease by reducing or eliminating the introduction of pathogens and continuously treating the water to assure optimal fish health. RAS production will allow our fish to be raised in optimized conditions with total control of the water coming in and going out of the system, while recirculating greater than 95% of the water used.  Further, stocking our RAS farms with disease-free eggs from our own hatchery results in a much higher degree of biosecurity and protection from disease.

 

In addition to biosecurity measures to optimize fish health, our farms feature multiple layers of containment designed to prevent escapes.  We have been growing fish in RAS facilities for decades and we have never experienced an escape.  The multiple layers of containment redundancy, coupled with the fact that our salmon are sterile female fish, pose a much-needed solution to raising fresh, healthy seafood in a manner that prevents harming native fish populations.  The method of land-based fish farming that we employ has been promoted by many environmental NGOs and it does not pose a threat to wild salmon populations.

 

We have significant experience in operating land-based RAS facilities.  Our operating practices and procedures have been developed and honed over several decades and are geared towards meeting stringent regulatory requirements.  Our experience operating land-based RAS salmon farms enables us to protect both the fish and the environment.

 

3

 



Table of Contents

 

 



 



 

Our GE Atlantic Salmon

 

Our GE Atlantic salmon program (“AquAdvantage”) began over 30 years ago and is based upon a single, specific molecular modification in our salmon that results in more rapid growth during early development. The result is a genetically engineered Atlantic salmon that can grow to market size faster than a conventional farmed Atlantic salmon.

 

The original research on the Atlantic salmon was conducted at Memorial University in Newfoundland, Canada, by a team seeking to protect the fish from the effects of the cold waters of the North Atlantic Ocean. They discovered that the single genetic change made by placing a second copy of the salmon growth hormone gene under the control of an alternative genetic promoter (gene switch) from the ocean pout resulted in more consistent levels of growth hormone being released, which accelerated the early stages of the salmon’s development, a time period when the salmon are more susceptible to disease and mortality. The accelerated growth allows these fish to reach a marketable size sooner. This can reduce farming time in a RAS facility from roughly 26 to 28 months for conventional Atlantic salmon to roughly 18 to 20 months for our salmon.

 

This accelerated growth has economic and environmental advantages. The faster life cycle from birth to harvesting of our salmon, as compared to conventional salmon, allows it to be produced more economically in contained, land-based RAS farms. Although RAS farms require greater capital investment than the sea cage approach, we believe that the higher costs are offset by more efficient growth and a shorter transportation distance to market.  Compared to conventional salmon grown in a RAS farm with a similar capital investment, we can produce approximately 70% more of our GE Atlantic salmon each year.  Our fish are also 25% more efficient at converting their feed to biomass, which represents a significant cost advantage as feed is the largest variable cost of growing salmon.

4

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 



Source: AquaBounty - Management estimates based on current assumptions.  EBITDA is defined as farm operation

net income (loss), plus depreciation expense, other income/expense, including interest expense and interest income,

and the provision for income taxes.

 

Further, with our plan to locate our farms nearer to the major food markets, we expect savings on transportation of the harvested stock, a reduced carbon footprint, and an improved ability to get fresh product to market faster.

 

Intellectual Property

 

Our GE Atlantic salmon is based upon a single, specific molecular modification in the fish that results in more rapid growth in early development. The patent for the underlying technology, which had been issued in certain salmon producing countries, expired in August 2013 and we currently hold a global, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licensable, assignable, non-exclusive right to the technology covering genetically engineered salmonid fish that express endogenous growth hormone under the control of a protein gene promoter from an edible fish.  Despite the expiration of the patent for the licensed technology, we believe that the degree of know-how in the molecular modification process and the regulatory timescales associated with approval of genetically engineered fish present significant barriers to entry and a competitive advantage.

 

We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, and trade secret laws in the United States and applicable foreign jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology, processes, and brand. In December 2015, we were granted a U.S. patent for our molecular sterility system, which renders sterile the progeny of any female fish carrying a defined maternal sterility gene. Subsequently, the maternal sterility patent has been issued in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Japan, and the Republic of Korea. While the technology described in the sterility system patent is not required under any of our current regulatory approvals, the technology may be desirable in the future to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals.

 

Regulatory Aspects of Genetically Engineered Fish

 

The genetic engineering of food using the tools of modern biotechnology is regulated in the United States by two government organizations, the U.S Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) for genetically engineered plants and the FDA for genetically engineered animals.

 

The regulatory process for genetically engineered food and animal feed is based upon the Coordinated Framework, issued by the Office of Science and Technology Policy in 1986, but the enabling legislation is the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FFDCA”).  The FDA is also required to determine the environmental impact of a proposed application under the National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”). In the case of animals intended for food or materials for feed, the FDA process is a pre-approval review followed by an approval if the application is acceptable under the relevant legislation, with ongoing oversight following approval.

 

We opened an Investigational New Animal Drug file for AquAdvantage salmon with the FDA in 1995. At that time, there was no defined regulatory framework for the regulation of bioengineered animals. There were, however, certain studies that were generally 

5

 



Table of Contents

 

acknowledged to be necessary for an eventual approval process. We commenced work on those studies and began a phased submission of studies to the FDA that ultimately was responsive to each technical section of the New Animal Drug Application (“NADA”). These technical sections require submission of studies relating to molecular characterization of the construct; molecular characterization of AquAdvantage salmon lineage; phenotypic characterization of AquAdvantage salmon; a genotypic and phenotypic durability plan; support for environmental, food, and feed safety; and claim validation. The FDA’s phased review process, which included a cycle of study conduct, submission, review, and acceptance, continued over the period from 1995 to 2010. Following this process, the FDA concluded that AquAdvantage salmon “is as safe as food from conventional salmon, and that there is a reasonable certainty of no harm from consumption of food” from AquAdvantage salmon.  On November 19, 2015, the FDA issued an approval letter for the NADA for AquAdvantage salmon, along with a final Environmental Assessment (“EA”) and a finding of No Significant Impact on the EA under NEPA.

 

Regulatory Legal Challenge

 

On March 30, 2016, a coalition of non-governmental organizations (“NGOs”) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the FDA, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and related individuals for their roles in the approval of AquAdvantage salmon.  Subsequently, AquaBounty joined the case as an intervenor to protect our interests.  Shortly thereafter, the Fish and Wildlife Service was dismissed from the case. The NGOs, including the Center for Food Safety and Friends of the Earth, claimed that the FDA had no statutory authority to regulate genetically engineered animals, and, if it did, that the agency failed to adequately analyze and implement measures to mitigate ecological, environmental, and socioeconomic risks that could impact wild salmon and the environment, including the risk that AquAdvantage salmon could escape and threaten endangered wild salmon stocks. In December 2019 the court found that the FDA did have authority/jurisdiction over genetically engineered animals under the FFDCA, and in November 2020, the court remanded the EA to the FDA for further work on its NEPA and Endangered Species Act (“ESA”) assessments.  In December 2020, the plaintiffs filed a motion to alter or amend the judgment.  In February 2021, the judge denied that motion. The court’s decisions do not have a current business impact on AquaBounty’s egg production on Prince Edward Island, Canada or AquaBounty’s salmon production in Albany, Indiana. AquaBounty is working with the FDA on the NEPA and ESA regulatory matters. 

 

On-going Regulatory Requirements

 

In addition to the FDA approval of the NADA for AquAdvantage salmon, our operating sites in the United States and on Prince Edward Island, as well as those we plan to operate in the future, must be registered with, and periodically inspected by, the FDA as drug manufacturing establishments. Drug manufacturing establishments that supply FDA-regulated products for use in the United States must comply with the product’s conditions for approval, whether located in the United States or in a foreign country. Each of our operating sites in Indiana and on Prince Edward Island, is currently registered with the FDA, and the FDA has performed inspections and site visits at each of those facilities.

 

Going forward, we must continue to comply with FDA requirements not only for manufacturing, but also for labeling, advertising, record keeping, and reporting to the FDA of adverse events and other information. We also need to comply with USDA disclosure requirements pertaining to bioengineered foods under the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Law. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to administrative or judicial enforcement actions, including but not limited to product seizures, injunctions, civil penalties, criminal prosecution, refusals to approve new products, or withdrawal of existing approvals, as well as increased product liability exposure.

 

Production of AquAdvantage salmon in the United States also requires compliance with environmental regulations and local site permitting statutes. In addition, every production site for AquAdvantage salmon in the United States requires approval by the FDA of both a Supplemental NADA and satisfaction of corresponding obligations under NEPA, as well as compliance with local permitting requirements for construction of grow-out facilities. We expect that we may incur significant costs to comply with these environmental and regulatory requirements, which could be a multi-year process to complete for each production site, though conducted in parallel with our construction timelines.

 

Labeling and Disclosure Standard

 

There have been surveys cited by various NGOs that indicate that consumers are reluctant to purchase genetically engineered food and that they would like to see labeling in order to avoid it.  Many states reacted to this by enacting genetically engineered food labeling laws.  Consequently, in response to the potential for state-by-state labeling laws, Congress passed the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Law (“Disclosure Standard”) in 2016, which directed USDA to establish a national mandatory standard for disclosing foods that are or may be bioengineered. The Disclosure Standard requires food manufacturers, importers, and certain retailers to ensure bioengineered foods are appropriately disclosed. The Disclosure Standard came into effect on January 1, 2022, but we began complying in 2021 on a voluntary basis when our salmon began to be harvested and sold. 

6

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

In conjunction with the bioengineered disclosure, we also have begun to educate consumers on the benefits of our GE Atlantic salmon versus conventional Atlantic salmon, including its 25% improved feed conversion (meaning less feed is needed to produce the same harvest), a lower carbon footprint due to local production, reduced impact on the environment, reduced exposure of the fish to environmental toxins due to use of land-based aquaculture systems, and reduced reliance on vaccines or antibiotics due to improved biosecurity.

 

In December 2019, the 2020 Appropriations Act was signed into law, which was reintroduced and passed in 2021, which contained an amendment that requires that any genetically engineered animal approved by FDA prior to the effective date of the Disclosure Standard shall include the words ‘‘genetically engineered’’ prior to the existing acceptable market name. While we believe that this labeling requirement is unnecessary and redundant to the requirement of the Disclosure Standard, we have and will continue to comply with all applicable laws.

 

Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could increase our cost of doing business, impact our competitive position relative to our peers or otherwise have an adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results.  For more information about government regulations applicable to our business, refer to “Risk Factors” in Item 1A.

 

U.S. Market

 

According to the U.S. Department of Commerce (“DOC”), in 2019 the United States imported a record 886 million pounds (402 thousand metric tons) of Atlantic salmon with an aggregate market value of approximately $4.0 billion, or $4.49 per pound. The vast majority of the imported Atlantic salmon originated from Chile, Canada, and Norway. The Atlantic salmon farming industry in the United States contracted significantly beginning in the 1990s in the face of environmental concerns and lower costs of production from foreign sources, notably Chile. According to FAO, a total of only 36 million pounds (16.5 thousand metric tons) of farmed Atlantic salmon was produced in the United States in 2019, representing only 4.0% of the total farmed Atlantic salmon supplied to the country.

 

Despite intensive public consumer education campaigns promoting its health benefits, seafood consumption in the United States still lags behind other protein sources and trails consumption in overseas markets. According to the USDA, during the period from 2013 to 2018, annual seafood consumption in the United States ranged between 14 and 16 pounds per capita, significantly behind consumption of poultry (70 to 78 pounds), beef (51 to 55 pounds), and pork (43 to 47 pounds). In comparison, according to FAO, average seafood consumption worldwide was 45 pounds per capita in 2018.

 

Consumer Sentiment Regarding Genetically Engineered Fish

 

Though Atlantic salmon is the second most consumed seafood in the United States, activist groups opposing genetically engineered foods have pressured a number of retail food outlets and grocery chains to publicly state that they will not carry genetically engineered salmon.

 

However, currently we do not expect that this will have a significant impact on overall consumer demand and product placement in the marketplace generally, and in particular the wholesale marketplace. To date, large wholesalers have not followed the example of these retailers, and we have sold our GE Atlantic salmon from both our Indiana and Prince Edward Island farms since commencing harvesting in May 2021.  We believe that there will be sufficient demand from smaller retailers, wholesalers, and institutional seafood buyers to absorb our projected production. We believe that the FDA approval reinforces the message that our salmon is a safe and nutritious seafood product that is identical to conventional farmed Atlantic salmon.

 

We believe that consumer sentiment towards genetically engineered foods is evolving.  Based on market research that we commissioned, the top attributes for consumer selection of farm-raised salmon are availability, affordability, freshness, safety, and taste.  According to the poll conducted, 53% of respondents had a first impression of genetically engineered food that was neutral to very positive; 60% were neutral to very likely to purchase genetically engineered products they buy regularly if labeled as such; 70% were neutral to very likely to purchase genetically engineered products they buy regularly if labeled with the USDA Bioengineered Disclosure Symbol; 81% were neutral to very positive to the AquaBounty and our GE Atlantic salmon story and product benefits; and 70% were likely to purchase and try our salmon at least once.

 

Sales Plan

 

The salmon distribution system in the United States is complex and varied. Participants include fishermen, fish farmers, processors, importers, secondary processors, broadline distributors, specialty seafood distributors, brokers, traders, and many different kinds of retail and food service companies. Salmon distribution channels are evolving, with fewer and larger distributors handling an increasing 

7

 



Table of Contents

 

share of total volume and an increasing share of salmon being sold directly by large fish-farming companies and large wild salmon processors to large retail and food service chains. Our GE Atlantic salmon is currently being sold into this distribution network with an initial focus on seafood distributors and wholesalers.  This is due to our limited supply of fish, which necessitates our being selective in bringing on new customers.  We expect that once our Ohio farm is in commercial operation, we will be able to expand our customer depth and breadth and increase our channel coverage.

 

As a commodity food item, the price of Atlantic salmon is variable based on the supply and demand for product weekly.  We base our pricing on a published index by Urner Barry, which provides comprehensive market coverage across all major center-of-the-plate food proteins, taking into account differences for fish size and quality.

 

Competition

 

The global Atlantic salmon farming industry includes several very large companies with operations in each of the major producing countries. Consolidation has been evident in the past few years as producers attempt to gain competitive cost advantages while overcoming the regulatory challenges associated with developing new marine farm sites. Major market producers include the following companies: Mowi, Aquachile, Cermaq, Leroy Seafood Group, SalMar, Cooke Aquaculture, and Bakkafrost. According to Kontali, these seven companies accounted for approximately 47% of the Atlantic salmon produced in 2019.  Since salmon is primarily sold as a commodity in the United States, we will compete against these well-established, sea-cage production companies.

 

In addition, new entrants to salmon production have emerged that plan to use land-based RAS facilities. A number of projects are either planned, under construction or in operation.  Atlantic Sapphire is operating a ten thousand metric ton facility in Florida, with stated plans to increase production to over 220 thousand metric tons.  Other entrants include Nordic Aquafarms, with plans for facilities in Maine and California, and Whole Oceans and Aquabanq, both with plans for farms in Maine.       

 

Operations

 

Current Production

 

We currently have two salmon farms in production – a refurbished 1,200 metric ton facility in Indiana and a 250 metric ton demonstration facility on Prince Edward Island.  Our first harvests of conventional salmon in Indiana commenced in June 2020 and our first harvests of our GE Atlantic salmon commenced in June 2021 at both of our farms.  At December 31, 2021, we had a total farm biomass of 469 metric tons.

 

Impact of COVID-19

 

Although COVID-19 vaccines have become more readily available in the United States and other parts of the world, several variants of the virus continue to spread.  Local governmental authorities in the United States and Canada have issued, and continue to update, directives aimed at minimizing the spread of the virus and the Company continues to monitor its status.

 

The ultimate impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on our operations will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence, and we cannot predict the extent or impact of the extended period of continued business interruption and reduced operations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or any additional preventative or protective measures taken in response. In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we made modifications to our biosecurity procedures at our farm sites in early 2020 to adapt to local requirements and to provide a safe work environment. Our current preventative and protective measures include, but are not limited to, segregating farm workers to specific locations, rotating shifts, and monitoring worker temperatures upon arrival at our facilities. In certain circumstances, we utilized, and continue to utilize, work-from-home arrangements for employees that do not have fish care responsibilities. 

 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced delays and cost increases in capital projects, additional challenges in our efforts to meet the capacity expectations at our existing facilities and we continue to experience extended lead times on equipment purchases.  We may continue to experience delays and cost increases on farm construction, purchases of capital equipment and supplies and other materials required in our operations due to vendor shortages and labor shortages. We also expect to continue to be impacted by transportation or other supply chain disruptions to our partners or customers. In addition, we are carefully managing and monitoring the impact of labor shortages on our ability to meet the annual capacity expectations at our existing facilities.

 

We were initially impacted by a reduction in the market price and demand for Atlantic salmon due to the pandemic’s impact on the food service sector. This had a negative impact on revenue and inventory value, as we were not yet an established vendor and customers appeared reluctant to add a new supplier during a period of depressed demand.  

 

8

 



Table of Contents

 

 

During the second half of 2021, we were impacted by a shortage of labor at our Indiana farm and increased costs for third-party processing and transportation. This had a negative effect on revenue and inventory values and resulted in higher than expected sales costs for the period.  This is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.

 

We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity, and financial flexibility and we continue to monitor developments as we deal with the disruptions and uncertainties from a business and financial perspective related to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic.

 

North America Plan

 

Our longer-term business plan contemplates that we will construct and operate four to five new, land-based RAS farms in North America at locations close to consumer consumption. Our target is to achieve an annual production output of at least 50,000 metric tons within the next seven to ten years.

 

During 2021, we selected Pioneer, Ohio as the site location for our first 10,000 metric ton farm.  Based on the engineering design that has been completed, we have estimated that the roughly 479,000 square foot facility will cost between $290 million and $320 million to construct.  We have commenced site construction activities and our targeted timeline for the introduction of our first batch of GE Atlantic salmon eggs is the end of 2023, pending the required facility approval by the FDA.  Our plan to finance the construction of the farm includes both equity and debt components.  In October 2021, the Board of Directors of the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority approved the issuance of up to $300 million in municipal bonds for our project.  We are currently proceeding with the bond financing and expect to close the transaction in the second quarter of 2022.  

 

The work that we have done to date on the design of the Ohio farm will serve as a template for future farm projects, though we will continue to incorporate the learnings from our current farm operations and our philosophy of continual improvement. The picture below shows a design rendering of the inside of the farm. 

 



                Source: AquaBounty

 

Egg Production

 

We have scaled-up our egg production capability at our Fortune and Rollo Bay hatcheries on Prince Edward Island and we can now produce over 10 million eyed eggs annually, which is more than our current internal demand.  As there is a shortage of supply of salmon eggs in the market, we have begun to sell our excess conventional salmon eggs and fry to other salmon farmers.  We have also made the decision to increase our egg production capacity over the next several years to 30 million eyed eggs annually, which would be sufficient to stock six 10,000 metric ton farms.

9

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

International Plans

 

While our primary focus is on North America, we also plan to expand internationally, targeting those markets that are net salmon importers, unable to supply their domestic needs and where we believe we will have success in gaining further regulatory approvals and consumer acceptance.  Once approved in these locations, we plan to commercialize through a combination of partnerships, joint ventures, and licensing arrangements.  Consequently, we have targeted Brazil, Israel and China as potential markets. In Brazil, we have received approval for the sale and consumption of our fish, and we are now seeking to identify a local partner.  In Israel, we have selected a partner and we are preparing our regulatory application.  In China, we have received approval from regulators to conduct field trials and have reviewed the commercial landscape.  Once field trials are underway, we will commence a search for a local partner.  

 

Growth Strategy

 

Optimizing Technology and Innovating for the Future

 

We are exploring the potential development of a range of additional products, including a second generation of our GE Atlantic salmon to help ensure 100% sterility, molecular sterility systems to provide an improved means of sterility for farmed fish, and improved methods for generating genetically engineered fish.

 

Our primary research and development operations are located in our owned hatcheries on Prince Edward Island. As of December 31, 2021, we employed 34 scientists and technicians to oversee our broodstock, as well as the lines of fish we maintain for research and development purposes. In addition, we contract some research activities to third parties.  In the future, we may enter into other partnerships and collaboration agreements to advance our research and development efforts.

 



 

Vertical and horizontal integration

 

We may have multiple opportunities to vertically integrate and strategically increase our value-added capabilities within the seafood industry.  These capabilities can be obtained by building and developing in-house, forming partnerships, direct investment or through acquisition.

 

10

 



Table of Contents

 

 



 

We could also seek to expand our production capabilities in adjacent markets, including:

·Diversify into additional high value species such as shrimp, trout, or tuna.

·Evaluate markets for inputs and by-products such as animal feed, fish meal and fish oil.

·Acquire new production technologies such as cellular aquaculture in the rapidly growing bio-engineered food market.

 

Human Capital Resources

 

We believe in the positive impact that a team-based management structure delivers.  We empower our people by placing decision making power at the team level; driven by those closest to the work.  We provide training opportunities to our teams to continually improve their decision-making skills. Our recent development initiatives included introduction to lean and continuous improvement, leadership coaching skills, and goal setting and coaching performance.  We believe such initiatives ensure our team’s alignment with our company’s expectations, and when coupled with our confidence in our people’s abilities, our team is positioned to succeed. 

As of December 31, 2021, we had 95 team members, 72 of which were in our farm operations and 11 in research and technical support functions.  As of December 31, 2021, we had 12 corporate team members who provided support to all of our operations and were responsible for the execution of all corporate functions, including executive, operational, finance, information technology, legal, and corporate communications. None of our team members are represented by a labor union, and we consider our employee relations to be good.

We structure our compensation packages to compete for the best talent. Our compensation packages include a competitive base salary and health and wellness benefits, along with a 401(k) retirement plan that includes a Company match.

We made modifications to our biosecurity procedures at our farm sites in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including segregating farm workers to specific locations, rotating shifts, and monitoring worker temperatures upon arrival at our facilities. In certain circumstances, we utilized, and continue to utilize, work from home arrangements for team members that did not have fish care responsibilities.

Recent Events

 

During 2020, we completed a series of public offerings, resulting in the aggregate issuance of 33,028,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $104.6 million and we issued 713,449 shares of common stock through the conversion of outstanding warrants for total proceeds of $2.3 million.

 

During 2021, we completed a public offering of 14,950,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $119.2 million. 

 

As of December 31, 2021, we had a balance of $191.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash.

 

 



11

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

 

The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

 

This Annual Report on Form 10K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for information relating to these forward-looking statements.

 

Risks Relating to our Business and Operations

 

We have a history of net losses and will likely incur future losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability.

 

In the period from incorporation to December 31, 2021, we have incurred cumulative net losses of approximately $171 million. These losses reflect our personnel, research and development, production and marketing costs. We have constructed a 250 metric ton annual capacity production facility in Rollo Bay and in 2017 we acquired a facility in Indiana, which has undergone renovations to increase its annual capacity to 1,200 metric tons. We expect revenues to grow modestly in 2022 as we increase our weekly harvesting capability at our Indiana farm.  However, our ability to realize revenues and the timing thereof are not certain, and achieving revenues does not assure that we will become profitable.

 

Our business plans include the need for substantial additional capital and without it we may not be able to implement our strategy as planned or at all. 

Our strategy depends on our ability to develop and construct additional farms, including our planned Ohio farm. We have not yet begun construction of this farm and its construction, and others in the future, is contingent on a number of significant uncertainties, including those described below. As a result, we may be unable to construct such facilities as planned or at all. We may not be able to obtain the financing necessary to commence construction of our proposed facilities. We estimate that the construction cost for the Ohio farm will range between $290 million and $320 million, although this figure is likely to change as we finalize the design and proceed with construction. We do not have the financial resources required to fully finance the construction of the Ohio farm. We will seek to raise part of these necessary funds through debt financing. We may also need further funding if there are delays in construction or increased construction costs at our proposed construction site in Ohio. We may finance unanticipated construction costs by issuing equity securities or debt. The delay or failure of regulatory bodies to approve our construction plans, disruption and volatility in the financial markets, tighter credit markets and a downturn in the seafood market may negatively impact our ability to obtain financing. We may not have access to the required funding, or funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms.

While we are currently completing the remaining contingencies for the acquisition of the site in Ohio for this farm, if we are unable to secure this location or others for future farms that satisfy our requirements, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely impacted.

We may not be able to obtain the approvals and permits that will be necessary in order to construct our facilities as planned. We will need to obtain a number of required permits in connection with the hydrology, construction and operation of our farms, which is often a time-consuming process. If we experience delays in obtaining the required approvals and permits for our farms, our expected construction start date, commercial stocking and first sale of our GE Atlantic salmon may be delayed. If we are unable to obtain the required approvals and permits for our farms, we will not be able to construct the farms. In addition, federal, state and local governmental requirements could substantially increase our costs, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition.

We have encountered cost increases in the expected construction cost of the Ohio farm, and may encounter further unanticipated difficulties and cost overruns in constructing this farm and other future farms. Preparing cost and timing estimates for complex RAS farms is inherently difficult and subject to change based on a number of factors, including site availability and characteristics, design changes, fluctuating costs of materials, labor shortages, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, construction delays, dependence on contractors, financing costs, customer requirements and other unexpected complications.  As a 

12

 



Table of Contents

 

result, we may encounter unanticipated difficulties and the construction and development of our proposed farms may be more costly or time-consuming than we anticipate.

Delays and defects may cause our costs to increase to a level that would make one or more of our farms too expensive to construct or unprofitable. We may suffer significant delays or cost overruns at our farms that could prevent us from commencing operations as expected as a result of various factors. These factors include shortages of workers or materials, construction and equipment cost escalation, transportation constraints, adverse weather, unforeseen difficulties or labor issues, or changes in political administrations at the federal, state or local levels that result in policy change towards genetically engineered foods in general or our products and farms in particular. Defects in materials or workmanship could also delay the commencement of operations of our planned farms, increase production costs or negatively affect the quality of our products. Due to these or other unforeseen factors, we may not be able to proceed with the construction or operation of our farms in a timely manner or at all.

Ethical, legal, and social concerns about genetically engineered products could limit or prevent the use of our products and limit our revenues.

 

Our technologies include the use of genetic engineering. Public perception about the safety and environmental hazards of, and ethical concerns over, genetically engineered products could influence public acceptance of our technologies and products. Activist groups opposing the genetic engineering of organisms have in the past pressured a number of retail food outlets and grocery chains to publicly state that they will not carry genetically engineered Atlantic salmon, and they could file lawsuits to prevent the production and sale of our products. If we are not able to overcome the ethical, legal, and social concerns relating to genetic engineering, products using our technologies may not be accepted in the marketplace, and demand for our products could fall short of what we expect. These concerns could also result in increased expenses, regulatory scrutiny, delays, or other impediments to implementation of our business plan. For example, in January 2021, Representative Don Young of Alaska introduced legislation (HR-273), which was referred to the House Natural Resources Committee. The legislation, if passed, would prohibit our business unless we obtain an exemption from the Department of Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, who in consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Service, would need to conduct additional environmental assessments to show “no significant impact.” In July 2021, Congressman Young testified before the House Natural Resources Committee’s sub-committee on Water, Oceans and Wildlife with respect to the legislation but there has not been additional support for the legislation and no further movement on the bill, to date.

 

The subject of genetically engineered products has received negative publicity, which has aroused public debate. This adverse publicity could lead to lawsuits against the production, distribution, and sale of genetically engineered products; greater regulation of those products; and trade restrictions on their importation. Further, there is a concern that products produced using our technologies could be perceived to cause adverse events, which could also lead to negative publicity.

 

We may have limited success in gaining consumer acceptance of our products.

 

There is an active and vocal group of opponents to genetically engineered products who wish to ban or restrict the technology and who, at a minimum, hope to sway consumer perceptions and acceptance of this technology. Their efforts include regulatory legal challenges and labeling campaigns for genetically engineered products, as well as application of pressure to multiple channels of distribution including, but not limited to distributors, food service operators, and consumer retail outlets seeking a commitment not to carry genetically engineered Atlantic salmon. Consumer acceptance could also be adversely affected if our GE Atlantic salmon were believed to grow to a larger final size than conventional Atlantic salmon. We may not be able to overcome the negative consumer perceptions that these organizations have instilled against our products.

 

Our business is affected by the quality and quantity of the salmon that we harvest.

 

We sell our products in a highly competitive market.  Our ability to successfully sell our products, and the price that we receive, is highly dependent on the quality of the salmon that we produce.  A number of factors can negatively affect the quality of the salmon that we sell, including the quality of our broodstock, water conditions in our farms, the food and additives consumed by our fish, population levels in the tanks, and the amount of time that it takes to bring a fish to harvest, including transportation and processing. We have experience operating RAS facilities and raising salmon, and while we actively monitor these factors using rigorous standard operating procedures, we cannot always ensure optimal growing conditions.  Although fish grown in RAS production systems are not subject to the disease and parasite issues that can affect salmon grown in ocean pens, there is the potential for organisms that are ubiquitous to freshwater environments to become pathogenic if the fish are subjected to stressful conditions or there is an issue with biomass management. 

 

We maintain high standards for the quality of our product and if we determine that a harvest has not met such standards, we may be required to reduce our inventory and write down the value of the harvest to reflect net realizable value.  Sub-optimal conditions could lead to smaller harvests and or lower quality fish.  Conversely, if we experience better than expected growth rates, we may not be able 

13

 



Table of Contents

 

to process and bring our fish to market in a timely manner, which may result in overcrowding that can cause negative health impacts and/or require culling our fish population.  

 

Further, if our salmon is perceived by the market to be of lower quality than other available sources of salmon or other fish, we may experience reduced demand for our product and may not be able to sell our products at the prices that we expect or at all. For  example, we concluded 2020 with a conventional Atlantic salmon harvest that met our high standards for nutrition, taste and texture. However, unlike our GE Atlantic salmon, the conventional salmon did not achieve the same high level of color consistency, due in part to the maturity of the male population and the quality of the ingredients in the feed. We identified and successfully addressed the source of the color inconsistency in the conventional salmon, and our production plans call for only raising our all-female GE Atlantic salmon moving forward.  However, we reduced the net realizable value of our conventional salmon to $0 as of December 31, 2020 as we decided to donate the entire conventional salmon biomass during the first and second quarters of 2021.  As we continue to expand our operations and build new farms, we potentially may face additional challenges with maintaining the  quality of our products.  We cannot guarantee that we will not face quality issues again in the future, any of which could cause damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.

 

In addition, we may be required to recall some of our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. Such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.

 

We may experience a significant fish mortality event in our broodstock or our production facilities that could impact the price of our common stock.

 

In recent periods, other companies in the land-based aquaculture industry have experienced fish mortality events that resulted in a decline in their share price. It is possible that our operations could experience a significant fish mortality event due to, among other causes, disease, pathogens, human error, intentional malfeasance, a weather event, loss of access to electricity or water, or damage to our farms, or other factors beyond our control.  If we were to have a significant fish mortality event, this could lead to a reduction in production harvests, loss of broodstock, loss of revenue, increased production costs, and public relations damage, the result of which could impact the price of our common stock.   

 

A shutdown, damage to any of our farms, or lack of availability of power, fuel, oxygen, eggs, water, or other key components needed for our operations, could result in our prematurely harvesting fish, a loss of a material percentage of our fish in production, a delay in our commercialization plans, and a material adverse effect on our operations, business results, reputation, and the value of our brands.   

 

At present, we only have farms in Albany, Indiana, and Prince Edward Island, Canada. As an interruption in the power, fuel, oxygen supply, water quality systems, or other critical infrastructure of an aquaculture facility for more than a short period of time can lead to the loss of a large number of fish, any shutdown of or damage to either of our farms—for example, due to weather or other natural disaster, shortages of key components to our operations due to a pandemic, reduction in water supply, contamination of our aquifers, interruption in services beyond our backup capacity, or human interference—could require us to prematurely harvest some or all of the fish at that farm or could result in a loss of a material percentage of our fish in production. 

 

We also are dependent on egg availability and being able to ship genetically engineered Atlantic salmon eggs from Canada to the United States for production.  If we had a disruption in our ability to produce our eggs in Canada or ship our eggs to the United States, due to border closings or some other event that would prevent us from importing the eggs to the United States, we would not be able to continue to stock our Indiana Farm with genetically engineered Atlantic salmon eggs.  We cannot guarantee that any of these disruptions might not occur in the future, any of which could cause loss of salmon to sell, damage to our reputation, loss of consumer confidence in our products and company, and lost revenues, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.

 

Security breaches, cyber-attacks and other disruptions could compromise our information, expose us to fraud or liability, or interrupt our operations, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.

 

In the ordinary course of our business, we use our servers and networks to store sensitive data, including our proprietary business and financial information; general business information regarding our customers, suppliers, and business partners; and personally identifiable information of our employees; and to operate our farm equipment. The security of our network and the storage and maintenance of sensitive information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and 

14

 



Table of Contents

 

infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error or malfeasance. A breach of our security could compromise our networks and the information stored on our servers could be accessed, manipulated, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen.  Any such access, manipulation, disclosure, or loss of information could result in errors in our records, fraudulent use of our financial information or theft of assets, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, theft of our intellectual property, or damage to our reputation. In addition, our systems could be the subject of denial of service or other interference, which could disrupt our operations and commercial transactions.

 

In addition, with the continued automation of our farm operations, there is the possibility of exposure to critical assets or sensitive information loss stemming from a cyber-attack on communication interfaces with outside vendors, which could adversely impact our farm operations.  Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, revenues, and competitive position.

 

The successful development of our business depends on our ability to efficiently and cost-effectively produce and sell salmon at large commercial scale.

 

Although we have over two decades of experience in successfully raising Atlantic salmon in land-based systems, we have only begun to produce them at commercial scale. Our business plans depend on our ability to increase our production capacity through the development of larger farms. We have limited experience constructing, ramping up, and managing such large, commercial-scale facilities, and we may not have anticipated all of the factors or costs that could affect our production, harvest, sale, and delivery of salmon at such a scale. For example, our salmon may not perform as expected when raised at very large commercial scale, we may encounter operational challenges for which we are unable to identify a workable solution, control deficiencies may surface, our vendors may experience capacity constraints, or our production cost and timeline projections may prove to be inaccurate. Any of these could decrease process efficiency, create delays, and increase our costs. We are also subject to volatility in market demand and prices, such as the disruption to the salmon market and the resulting reduction in market prices for salmon caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

 

In addition, competitive pressures, customer volatility and the possible inability to secure established and ongoing customer partnerships and contracts, may result in a lack of buyers for our fish.  Customers of our fish may not wish to follow our terms and conditions of sale, potentially resulting in a violation of labeling or disclosure laws, improper food handling, nonpayment for product, and similar issues.  The competitive landscape for salmon may create challenges in securing competitive pricing for our salmon to reach our competitive goals.  In addition, it is possible that we may not be able to service our customers to meet their expectations regarding fish quality, ongoing harvest supply availability, order processing fill rate, on time or correct deliveries, potential issues with third party processors, and other factors, which could impact our relationships with customers, our reputation, and our business results.

 

We remain dependent on third parties for the processing, distribution, and sale of our products.

 

At present, we rely on third parties to process our fish, deliver them to seafood vendors, and ultimately sell them to consumers. While we carefully select processors or other intermediaries in the supply chain, any failure on their part to maintain quality standards or proper food handling processes could subject us to product liability claims, product recalls, increased scrutiny from regulators, and loss of consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products. Seafood vendors may reject our products due to their particular product or volume requirements, extract pricing concessions that reduce our margins, or fail to adequately promote and sell our products. Our reliance on third parties could therefore result in a reduction in our revenues, an increase in our costs, delays in commercialization, additional regulatory requirements, or negative public opinion that could impact future sales and growth.

 

We may be required to write-down the value of our inventory if its net realizable value is less than its accumulated cost at the end of a reporting period.

 

Our fish-in-process inventory is a biological asset and is stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost or net realizable value, where net realizable value is calculated as the estimated market price less the estimated costs of processing, packaging and transportation. Any adjustments to the carrying value of inventory are reported as a component of production costs on our income statement. Such adjustments may be material in any given period and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Until such time as our net realizable value is consistently in excess of inventory costs, our inventory may be subject to significant market value risk. During the third quarter of 2021, we recognized a $1.5 million charge to reduce the value of our inventory to its net realizable value, based on our current quarter production yields and transportation costs which were higher than our expectations as of the end of the second quarter of 2021.

 

15

 



Table of Contents

 

 

If our products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, which could adversely affect our financial results and damage our reputation.

 

Food safety issues (both actual and perceived) may have a negative impact on, the reputation of and demand for, our products. In addition to the need to comply with relevant food safety regulations, it is of critical importance that our products are safe and perceived as safe and healthy in all relevant markets. 

 

Our products may be subject to contamination by foreign materials or disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella and E. coli. These organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment and there is a risk that one or more, as a result of food processing, could be present in our products. These organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further-processing, foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled, but may not be eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little, if any, control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. Even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, increased scrutiny and penalties, including but not limited to, injunctive relief and plant closings, by federal and state regulatory agencies, and adverse publicity, which could exacerbate the associated negative consumer reaction. Any of these occurrences may have an adverse effect on our financial results and the value of our brands. 

 

In addition, we may be required to recall some of our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. Such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.

 

The loss of our GE Atlantic salmon broodstock could result in the loss of our commercial technology.

 

Our GE Atlantic salmon, or more specifically the breeding population of live fish, or broodstock, themselves, is a product of our combined intellectual property, which includes our trade secrets related to creating and maintaining the broodstock. Destruction of our salmon broodstock by whatever means would result in a significant delay to our operations while the broodstock was replenished. Live animals are subject to disease that may, in some cases, prevent or cause delay in the export of fish or eggs to customers. Disease organisms may be present undetected and transferred inadvertently. In addition, our broodstock is kept at a limited number of facilities, and damage to or failure of critical systems at any one of those facilities could lead to the loss of a substantial percentage of our broodstock. Such events may cause loss of revenue, increased costs, or both. The broodstock, however, could be reinstated, in whole or in part, using our technology and stored breeding reserves.

 

Business, political, or economic disruptions or global health concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could seriously harm our current or planned business and increase our costs and expenses.

 

Broad-based business or economic disruptions, political instability, or global health concerns could adversely affect our current or planned production, sale, distribution, research and development, and expansion. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued to spread, and the related adverse public health developments, including orders to shelter-in-place, travel restrictions, and mandated business closures, have adversely affected workforces, organizations, customers, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn and increased market volatility. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses, including ours. 

 

Global health concerns like the COVID-19 pandemic could in themselves result in social, economic, and labor instability in the countries in which we or the third parties with whom we engage operate. The COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred.  These impacts include the shortage of packaging workers and transportation suppliers that we have experienced, leading to slower and more expensive harvests; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services, including salmon in the institutional sales chain that includes restaurants, has fallen, with a resulting drop in the prices for those goods and services. We have been impacted by the reduction in food service demand for salmon due to the pandemic in the form of significantly lower than expected sales and a reduction in the value of our inventory. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have provided our administrative employees with the option to work remotely, and we have limited the number of staff in any given area of our farm sites. We have also implemented policies and procedures at our farms to react to any outbreak of the virus.

 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have and may continue to experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, including disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel, obtain regulatory approvals from the FDA and other regulators, pursue 

16

 



Table of Contents

 

partnerships and other business transactions, conduct production activities, and make shipments, as well as be impacted by the temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers. While we have taken steps to address the impact of the coronavirus on our operations, we and our service providers have experienced labor and transportation shortages that have slowed the pace and increased the expense of commercial harvests of our products. In addition, labor shortages are creating additional challenges to our efforts to meet the annual harvest expectations at our existing facilities, which has necessitated increased culling to rebalance the biomass of our fish and lower our stocking densities. Though we believe this action will position us to achieve an annual harvest volume of 1,200 metric tons at the farm, we do not expect to reach this level during the next twelve months.

 

We also cannot presently predict the scope and severity of any additional business shutdowns or disruptions or the future impact on consumer demand. For example, we have been primarily impacted by a reduction in the market price and demand for Atlantic salmon due to the pandemic’s impact on the food service sector. This had and continues to have a negative impact on our revenue and inventory value. If we or any of the third parties with whom we engage, including suppliers, distributors, service providers, regulators, and overseas business partners, experience additional or continued shutdowns or other disruptions, or consumer demand remains materially reduced, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted, our anticipated revenues could decrease, and our costs and expenses could continue to rise as a result of our efforts to address such disruptions.

 

In addition, the trading prices for our common stock and the stock of other biotechnology and food companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital through sales of our common stock or such sales may be on unfavorable terms. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve, and the extent to which it may impact our business and planned programs will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease; the duration of the pandemic; travel restrictions and other actions to contain the pandemic or address its impact, such as social distancing and quarantines or lock-downs in the United States, Canada, and other countries; business closures or business disruptions; and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States, Canada, and other countries to contain and address the disease.

 

The construction and potential benefits of our new facilities are subject to risks and uncertainties.

 

For any new facility that we build, our ability to complete construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. In order to complete construction of a new facility, we need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals and permits, none of which is assured of attainment.  If we are unable to obtain the required permits, complete construction on schedule, run the facility efficiently, or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities, our business could be negatively affected. In addition, when a new facility becomes operational, it may not generate the benefits we expect if demand for the products to be produced by the facility is different from what we had expected or if we do not operate the facility efficiently.

 

Industry volatility can affect our earnings, especially due to fluctuations in commodity prices of salmon.

 

Profitability in the salmon industry is materially affected by the commodity price of salmon, and to a lesser extent, alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors and can fluctuate by season. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic impacted market demand for salmon, which resulted in market prices falling by up to 40% for certain product presentations.  Conversely, given the long grow-out cycle for raising salmon, disruptions in production can depress market supply and result in price increases.

 

If we lose key personnel, including key management personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, it could delay our commercialization plans or harm our research and development efforts, and we may be unable to sell or develop our own products.

 

Our success depends substantially on the efforts and abilities or our officers and other key employees. The loss of any key members of our management, or the failure to attract or retain other key employees who possess the requisite expertise for the conduct of our business, could prevent us from developing and commercializing our products and executing on our business strategy. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified employees in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among aquaculture, biotechnology, and other technology-based businesses, or due to the unavailability of personnel with the particular qualifications or experience necessary for our business. For production positions, effective training will be needed for new hires due to the overall lack of industry experience in land-based aquaculture in North America. If we are not able to attract, train, and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience staffing constraints that could adversely affect our ability to meet the demands of our customers in a timely fashion, adequately staff existing or new production facilities, or support our internal research and development programs. In particular, our production facilities require individuals experienced or trained in RAS-based aquaculture, and our product development programs are dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled scientists. 

17

 



Table of Contents

 

Competition for experienced production staff, scientists, and other technical personnel from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions may limit our ability to attract and retain such personnel on acceptable terms.

 

Atlantic salmon farming is restricted in certain states.

 

Concerns regarding the possible environmental impact from our GE Atlantic salmon have led several states to impose legislative and regulatory restrictions or bans on its farming. In addition, some states, such as Alaska, have enacted restrictions on Atlantic salmon farming generally. While we currently believe that many states offer excellent potential sites for our salmon production farms, if additional states adopt similar restrictions, or otherwise prohibit the rearing of our GE Atlantic salmon in those states, the number of potential sites available to us for production farms in the United States could be reduced.

 

Atlantic salmon farming is subject to disease outbreaks, which can increase the cost of production and/or reduce production harvests.

 

Salmon farming systems, particularly conventional, open sea-cage systems, are vulnerable to disease introduction and transmission, primarily from the marine environment or adjacent culture systems. The economic impact of disease to these production systems can be significant, as farmers must incur the cost of preventative measures, such as vaccines and antibiotics, and then, if the fish become infected, the cost of lost or reduced harvests.

 

Although we will produce and grow our GE Atlantic salmon in land-based, closed containment facilities, we will still be at risk for potential disease outbreaks. We have implemented biosecurity measures in our facilities intended to prevent or mitigate disease impact, but there can be no assurance that any measures will be 100% effective.

 

Restrictive covenants in our term loan agreement may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.

 

Our term loan agreement with First Farmers Bank and Trust in the amount of $4 million contains certain customary restrictive covenants that limit our ability, including without limitation, to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, engage in new lines of business and make certain investments, as well as financial covenants requiring us to maintain certain ratios with respect to our operations.

 

Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet those covenants.  A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the term loan agreement, which could cause all of the outstanding indebtedness under our term loan to become immediately due and payable.  In that event, we would be required to disclose the default in our public filings, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our shares of common stock.  These covenants could also limit our ability to seek capital through the incurrence of new indebtedness or, if we are unable to meet our obligations, require us to repay any outstanding amounts with sources of capital we may otherwise use to fund our business, operations and strategy.   

 

We may encounter difficulties managing our growth, which could adversely affect our business.

 

We could face a period of rapid growth following commercial availability of our products, which may place significant pressure on our management, sales, operational, and financial resources. The execution of our business plan and our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage current and planned expansion and on our ability to continue to implement and improve our operational management. Any failure to manage the planned growth may have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, trading performance, and prospects.

 

We may pursue strategic acquisitions and investments that could have an adverse impact on our business if they are unsuccessful.

 

If appropriate opportunities become available, we may acquire businesses, assets, technologies, or products to enhance our business in the future. In connection with any future acquisitions, we could:

 

·issue additional equity securities, which would dilute our current shareholders;

·incur substantial debt to fund the acquisitions; or

·assume significant liabilities.

 

Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

 

·difficulties integrating the purchased operations, technologies, or products;

18

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

·unanticipated costs and other liabilities;

·diversion of management’s attention from our core business;

·adverse effects on existing business relationships with current and/or prospective customers and/or suppliers;

·risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; and

·potential loss of key employees.

 

We do not have extensive experience in managing the integration process, and we may not be able to successfully integrate any businesses, assets, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire in the future without a significant expenditure of operating, financial, and management resources. The integration process could divert management time from focusing on operating our business, result in a decline in employee morale, or cause retention issues to arise from changes in compensation, reporting relationships, future prospects, or the direction of the business. Acquisitions also may require us to record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, and incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses, all of which could harm our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may acquire companies that have insufficient internal financial controls, which could impair our ability to integrate the acquired company and adversely impact our financial reporting. If we fail in our integration efforts with respect to any of our acquisitions and are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected.

 

We have entered into agreements that require us to pay a significant portion of our future revenue to third parties.

 

In 2009, we received a grant from the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency to fund a research program. A total of C$2.9 million was made available under the grant, and we received the entire amount through December 31, 2015. Once we begin to generate revenue from any of the products from the research program, we must commence repayment of the outstanding loan in the form of a 10% royalty. These payments could negatively impact our ability to support our operations. Revenues from sales of our GE Atlantic salmon are not subject to the royalty.

 

Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by international business risks, including exchange rate fluctuation.

 

The majority of our employees, including our research personnel, are currently located outside of the United States. As a consequence of the international nature of our business, we are exposed to risks associated with international operations. For example, we are based in the United States and present our financial statements in U.S. dollars, and the majority of our cash resources are held in U.S. dollars or in Canadian dollars. Some of our future expenses and revenues are expected to be denominated in currencies other than in U.S. dollars. Other risks include possible governmental restrictions of the movement of funds, limitation of contractual rights, or expropriation of assets without fair compensation. Therefore, movements in exchange rates to translate to foreign currencies and other international operational risks may have a negative impact on our reported results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

 

We have received government research grants and loans in the past, but such grants and loans may not be available in the future.

 

We have in the past received government assistance in the form of research grants and loans to partially fund various research projects, including projects involving our GE Atlantic salmon. There can be no assurance that additional government assistance will be available in the future to help offset the cost of our research activities, in which case we would need to fund our research projects entirely from our available cash resources, which may be limited. This could delay progress on future product development and introduction. In addition, we may be subject to audit by the government agencies that provided research assistance to ensure that the funds were used in accordance with the terms of the grant or loan. Any audit of the use of these funds would require the expenditure of funds and result in the diversion of management’s attention.

 

Our ability to use net operating losses and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.

 

In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Tax Code (the “Code”), a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses (“NOLs”), tax credits, or other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5% of a corporation’s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a specified testing period. In addition to limitations imposed by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, a portion of our NOLs are subject to substantial limitations arising from previous ownership 

19

 



Table of Contents

 

changes, and, if we undergo another ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Our NOLs may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs. Furthermore, our ability to utilize our NOLs is conditioned upon our attaining profitability and generating U.S. federal and state taxable income.

 

Risks Relating to Regulated Products

 

Our ability to generate revenue to support our operations depends on maintaining regulatory approvals for our GE Atlantic salmon and our farm sites and obtaining new approvals for farm sites and the sale of our products in other markets, the receipt of which is uncertain.

 

As a genetically engineered animal for human consumption, our GE Atlantic salmon required approval from the FDA in the United States and the Ministers of Health and Environment in Canada before it could be produced, sold, or consumed in those countries. Our FDA approval covers the production of our eggs in our hatchery in Canada and the grow-out of our eggs in our facilities in Indiana and Rollo Bay. FDA approvals will be needed for each additional facility we plan to operate. Additionally, we will require local regulatory approvals in other countries in which we hope to operate. There is no guarantee that we will receive or be able to maintain regulatory approvals from the FDA or other regulatory bodies or that there will not be a significant delay before approval. There is also no guarantee that any approvals granted will not be subject to onerous obligations in relation to matters such as production or labeling, or that any regulator will not require additional data prior to approval, which may be costly and time-consuming to acquire.

 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other agencies on which our operations may rely is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable.

 

Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new applications to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in May 2021, the FDA released its Resiliency Roadmap for FDA Inspectional Oversight, which described the prioritization process for FDA inspections and oversight.  We believe that our GE Atlantic salmon would be treated as a “tier 2 - higher priority” product, but not a “tier 1 - mission critical” product.  This designation could potentially impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 

We will be required to continue to comply with FDA and foreign regulations.

 

Even with the approval of our NADA and other regulatory applications for our GE Atlantic salmon, we must continue to comply with FDA and other regulatory requirements not only for manufacturing, but also for labeling, advertising, record keeping, and reporting to the FDA and other regulators of adverse events and other information. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to administrative or judicial enforcement actions, including but not limited to product seizures, injunctions, civil penalties, criminal prosecution, refusals to approve new products, or withdrawal of existing approvals, as well as increased product liability exposure, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

 

The markets in which we intend to sell our products are subject to significant regulations.

 

In addition to our FDA approval for the sale and consumption of our GE Atlantic salmon in the United States, we are also subject to state and local regulations and permitting requirements, which could impact or delay the commercialization and commencement of revenue generation from the sale of our salmon. International sales also are subject to rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory bodies within foreign jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that foreign, state, or local regulatory bodies will approve the sale and consumption of our product in their jurisdiction.

 

We may incur significant costs complying with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities.

 

Our operations are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the use, generation, manufacture, transportation, international shipment, storage, handling, disposal of, and human exposure to our products in both the United States and overseas, including regulation by governmental regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with these laws and regulations. Additional laws and regulations could be adopted in the future further regulating our business.

20

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

We may become subject to increasing regulation, changes in existing regulations, and review of existing regulatory decisions.

 

Regulations pertaining to genetically engineered animals are still developing and could change from their present state. In addition, new legislation could require new regulatory frameworks, changes in existing regulation, or re-evaluation of prior regulatory decisions. For example, despite the FDA’s final determination that our GE Atlantic salmon may be sold without being labeled as a genetically engineered product, a provision added to the 2016 Omnibus Appropriations Act required the FDA to issue final guidance for such labeling. The FDA was therefore obligated to maintain an Import Alert starting in January 2016 that prohibited import of our GE Atlantic salmon until such guidance was finalized or the provision was no longer effective. On March 8, 2019, several months after the USDA promulgated its final rule establishing the Disclosure Standard, which included disclosure requirements for bioengineered foods, including our GE Atlantic salmon, the FDA lifted the Import Alert. 

 

Similarly, in July 2017, a bill was introduced in the United States Senate that could have, had it become law, required labeling unique to, as well as re-examination of the environmental assessments used by the FDA in its 2015 approval of the NADA for our GE Atlantic salmon. While this bill was reintroduced in January 2019 without the requirement for re-examination of those environmental assessments, any such legislatively imposed review of a completed regulatory process could result in new restrictions on, or delays in, commercialization of our product in the United States. We could be subject to increasing or more onerous regulatory hurdles as we attempt to commercialize our product, which could require us to incur significant additional capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with these laws and regulations. Our regulatory burdens could also increase if our GE Atlantic salmon are found, or believed, to grow to a larger final size than conventional Atlantic salmon. 

 

In addition, the 2020 Appropriations Act, which was signed into law in December 2019, contained an amendment that requires that any bioengineered animal approved by FDA prior to the effective date of the Disclosure Standard shall include the words ‘‘genetically engineered’’ prior to the existing acceptable market name. While the Company believes that this labeling requirement is unnecessary and redundant to the requirement of the Disclosure Standard, it will comply with all applicable laws. 

 

Further, in January 2021, the U.S. House of Representatives introduced HR 273, which would place significant restrictions and regulatory requirements on our business.  This act is currently under review by the House of Representatives’ natural resources committee.

 

Additional regulatory and lawmaking activity within the United States and abroad could increase our costs and/or delay or prevent the production and sales of our GE Atlantic salmon.

 

We or regulatory agencies approving of our products may be sued by non-governmental organizations and others who are opposed to the development or commercialization of genetically engineered products.

 

There are many organizations in the United States and elsewhere that are fundamentally opposed to the development of genetically engineered products. These groups have a history of bringing legal action against companies attempting to bring new biotechnology products to market. On December 23, 2013, an application was filed by two NGOs with the Canadian Federal Court seeking judicial review to declare invalid the decision by the Canadian Minister of the Environment to publish in the Canadian Gazette a Significant New Activity Notice (“SNAN”) with respect to our GE Atlantic salmon. Though the Canadian Federal Court dismissed this challenge, the petitioners filed an appeal of the ruling, which was subsequently dismissed by the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal on October 21, 2016.

 

On March 30, 2016, a coalition of non-governmental organizations filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the FDA, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and related individuals for their roles in the approval of our GE Atlantic salmon.  Subsequently, the Fish and Wildlife Service was dismissed from the case, and AquaBounty joined the case as an intervenor to protect AquaBounty’s interests. The coalition, including the Center for Food Safety and Friends of the Earth, claims that the FDA had no statutory authority to regulate genetically engineered animals, and, if it did, that the agency failed to analyze and implement measures to mitigate ecological, environmental, and socioeconomic risks that could impact wild salmon and the environment, including the risk that our GE Atlantic salmon could escape and threaten endangered wild salmon stocks. In December 2019 the court found that FDA had authority/jurisdiction over genetically engineered animals and in November 2020,  the judge remanded the Environmental Assessment (the approval) to FDA on National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA) and Endangered Species Act (ESA) grounds.  In April 2021, FDA/US Department of Justice filed a notice of appeal relating to several claims in that case, and subsequently withdrew the appeal, and the date to file appeals in the case has expired.  The court decision from the Northern District of California does not have a current business impact on AquaBounty’s egg production in Prince Edward Island, Canada, AquaBounty’s salmon production in Albany, Indiana, or AquaBounty’s sales of its fish.

 

21

 



Table of Contents

 

 

The term “genetically engineered” will need to be included as part of the acceptable market name for our GE Atlantic salmon, and bioengineering disclosures will need to be provided at the retail level, in accordance with USDA regulations. These disclosures could negatively impact consumer acceptance.

 

Until the passage of the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Law in July 2016, which contained the requirement to establish the Disclosure Standard, our GE Atlantic salmon did not need to be labeled as containing a bioengineered product, because it had been deemed to be “substantially equivalent” to the conventional product. However, because several states either passed or considered new laws specifying varying requirements for labeling products sold at the retail level that contain bioengineered ingredients, the United States Congress passed the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Law in July 2016, requiring USDA to establish a mandatory standard for disclosing foods that are or may be bioengineered. USDA issued the National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard in December 2018. AquaBounty includes the bioengineered logo on its GE Atlantic salmon packaging, in accordance with the Disclosure Standard. In addition, the 2020 Appropriations Act, which was signed into law in December 2019, which was reintroduced and passed in 2021, contained an amendment that requires that any bioengineered animal approved by FDA prior to the effective date of the Disclosure Standard shall include the words ‘‘genetically engineered’’ prior to the existing acceptable market name. While the Company believes that this labeling requirement is unnecessary and redundant to the requirement of the Disclosure Standard, it complies with all applicable laws.  Labeling requirements could cause consumers to view the label as either a warning or as an indication that GE Atlantic salmon is inferior to conventional Atlantic salmon, which could negatively impact consumer acceptance of our product.

 

Risks Relating to Intellectual Property

 

Competitors and potential competitors may develop products and technologies that make ours obsolete or garner greater market share than ours.

 

We do not believe that we have a direct competitor for bioengineered, growth-enhanced Atlantic salmon. However, the market for Atlantic salmon is dominated by a group of large, multinational corporations with entrenched distribution channels. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to demonstrate that our GE Atlantic salmon is superior to and/or less expensive than other products available in the market.

 

Certain of our competitors may benefit from government support and other incentives that are not available to us. As a result, our competitors may be able to develop competing and/or superior products and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time than we can. As more companies develop new intellectual property in our markets, a competitor could acquire patent or other rights that may limit our ability to successfully market our product.

 

If our technologies or products are stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, others could use the technologies to produce competing technologies or products.

 

Third parties, including our collaborators, contractors, and others involved in our business often have access to, and may require that we grant interests in, our technologies. If our technologies or products were stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, or if we are forced to grant broad interests in our technologies, they could be used by other parties that may be able to reproduce our technologies or products using our technologies for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge this type of use, especially in countries with limited intellectual property protection. In addition, third parties granted interests in our technologies could seek to prevent or limit our use or commercialization of those technologies based on claims of partial ownership.

 

Our ability to compete may be negatively impacted if we do not adequately protect our proprietary technologies or if we lose some of our intellectual property rights.

 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property in the United States and abroad for our technologies and resultant products and potential products. We have adopted a strategy of seeking patent protection in the United States and abroad with respect to certain of the technologies used in or relating to our products; however, the patent to the technology covering our salmon, which we license under a global, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive license from Genesis Group, Inc., an affiliate of Memorial University of Newfoundland, and an affiliate of the Hospital for Sick Children of Toronto, expired in August 2013. We expect to protect our proprietary technology in regard to our GE Atlantic salmon through a combination of in-house know-how and the deterrence of the regulatory process that would need to be completed for a competing product to be commercialized, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. There can be no guarantee that this strategy will be successful.

 

22

 



Table of Contents

 

 

We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technologies, particularly in cases when we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we may not be able to adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. While we require our employees, academic collaborators, consultants, and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements with us, if we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary and licensed technologies and other confidential information, our ability and that of our licensor to receive patent protection, and our ability to protect valuable information owned or licensed by us may be imperiled.

 

Enforcing our intellectual property rights may be difficult and unpredictable.

 

Enforcing our intellectual property rights can be expensive and time consuming, and the outcome of such efforts can be unpredictable. If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our technologies, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable or assert that the patent does not cover its manufacturing processes, manufacturing components, or products. Furthermore, in patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging both invalidity and unenforceability are commonplace. Although we may believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with the duty of candor and in good faith, the outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patent rights, we cannot be certain, for example, that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would not be able to exclude others from practicing the inventions claimed therein. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. Even if our patent rights are found to be valid and enforceable, patent claims that survive litigation may not cover commercially valuable products or prevent competitors from importing or marketing products similar to our own, or using manufacturing processes or manufacturing components similar to those used to produce the products using our technologies.

 

Although we believe that we have obtained assignments of patent rights from all inventors, if an inventor did not adequately assign their patent rights to us, a third party could obtain a license to the patent from such inventor. This could preclude us from enforcing the patent against such third party.

 

We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, often do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to bioengineering. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate.

 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock

 

The price of our shares of common stock is likely to be volatile.

 

The share price of publicly traded emerging companies can be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The prices at which our common stock is quoted and the prices which investors may realize will be influenced by a large number of factors, some specific to our company and operations and some that may affect the quoted land-based fish farming industry, the biotechnology sector, or quoted companies generally. These factors could include variations in our operating results, publicity regarding the process of obtaining regulatory approval to commercialize our products, divergence in financial results from analysts’ expectations, changes in earnings estimates by stock market analysts, overall market or sector sentiment, legislative changes in our sector, the performance of our research and development programs, large purchases or sales of our common stock, currency fluctuations, legislative changes in the bioengineering environment, future sales of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur and general economic conditions. Certain of these events and factors are outside of our control. Stock markets have from time to time experienced severe price and volume fluctuations, which, if recurring, could adversely affect the market prices for our common stock. 

 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls 

23

 



Table of Contents

 

over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock.

 

An active trading market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained.

 

Although our common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market, an active trading market for our common stock may not be maintained. If an active market for our common stock is not maintained, it may be difficult for shareholders to sell shares of our common stock. An inactive trading market may impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 

 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.

 

The U.S. trading market for our shares of common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, and one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our shares of common stock, changes their opinion of our shares, or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares of common stock could decrease, and we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price and trading volume to decline.

 

Our share price and our ability to raise additional funds may depend on our success in growing, or our perceived ability to grow, our GE Atlantic salmon successfully and profitably at commercial scale.

 

We have not yet demonstrated that we can grow our GE Atlantic salmon successfully or profitably at commercial scale. If we are unsuccessful in growing our salmon to harvest size, achieving our quality standards and selling the fish in the market at a profit from our commercial-scale facilities, or are perceived as being unable to do so prior to commercial-scale harvest and sale, we may lose credibility with the investor community and other funding sources, which could negatively impact the price of our common stock and our ability to raise additional funds.

 

There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all, or that such funds, if raised, would be sufficient to enable us to continue to implement our business strategy.

 

To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of holders of our common stock will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through government or other third-party funding; marketing and distribution arrangements; or other collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs, or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.

 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

 

Even though our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with standards necessary to maintain a listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our failure to meet the continuing listing requirements may result in our common stock being delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market.

 

We are an “emerging growth company,” as well as a “smaller reporting company,” and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors.

 

We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, compliance with any new requirements adopted by the PCAOB, disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and 

24

 



Table of Contents

 

the requirements of holding advisory “say-on-pay” votes on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation not previously approved. Certain of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were also available to us due to the fact that we qualify as a “smaller reporting company” under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to report regarding management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis, are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure and may present only two years of audited financial statements and related MD&A disclosure.

 

Under the JOBS Act, we will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.07 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700.0 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (3) the issuance, in any three-year period, by our company of more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (4) December 31, 2023, which is the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act. Under current SEC rules, however, we will continue to qualify as a “smaller reporting company” for so long as (i) we have a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million.

 

We cannot predict if investors will find our shares of common stock to be less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares of common stock, and our share price may be more volatile.

 

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies also can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.

 

We may issue preferred stock with terms that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock.

 

While we have no specific plan to issue preferred stock, our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more series of preferred stock having such designation, relative powers, preferences (including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions), voting rights, terms of conversion or redemption, and other relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series of preferred stock and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as our Board of Directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.

 

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us, even if that change may be considered beneficial by some of our shareholders.

 

The existence of some provisions of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us that a shareholder may consider favorable. These provisions include:

 

·providing that the number of members of our board is limited to a range fixed by our by-laws;

·establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by shareholders at shareholder meetings; and

·authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors to issue securities with voting rights and thwart a takeover attempt.

 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Section 203 prevents some shareholders holding more than 15% of our voting stock from engaging in certain business combinations unless the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder was approved in advance by our Board of Directors, results in the shareholder holding more than 85% of our voting stock (subject to certain restrictions), or is approved at an annual or special meeting of shareholders by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our voting stock not held by the shareholder engaging in the transaction. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.

 

25

 



Table of Contents

 

 

The financial reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time consuming and place significant additional demands on our management.

 

The obligations of being a public company in the United States place additional demands on our management and require significant expenditures, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”); the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and the listing requirements for the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover, despite reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Any changes that we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis, or at all.

 

These rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These factors also could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee, or as executive officers.

 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and, accordingly, shareholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.

 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the operations, development, and growth of our business. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient surplus under Delaware law to be able to pay any dividends at any time in the future. As a result, absent payment of dividends, only appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur, will provide a return to shareholders. You may also have to sell some or all of your shares of our common stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment in us.



26

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments

 

None.

 

Item 2.  Properties

 

Our corporate headquarters are located in Maynard, Massachusetts, and consist of approximately 3,500 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in March 2023. We own a production grow-out farm in Indiana, which is capable of producing 1,200 metric tons of our fish annually. On Prince Edward Island, Canada, we own a hatchery in Fortune Bay and a salmon farm in Rollo Bay, that consists of a hatchery, a grow-out facility, and a broodstock facility that is currently under construction. We believe that the spaces that we lease and own are sufficient to meet our current and near-term needs. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

 

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

 

We are not party to any legal proceedings the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our future business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. We may, from time to time, be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the normal course of business activities.

 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures

 

Not applicable.

 

Part II

 

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

 

Market Information

 

Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “AQB.” As of March 9, 2022, [71,025,738] shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding.

 

As of March 9, 2022, there were approximately 281 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of shareholders is greater than this number and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. The transfer agent for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

 

Dividends

 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments, provisions of applicable law, and other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant.

 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

 

The information under “Equity Compensation Plan Information” to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

 

Not Applicable. 

 

27

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K, particularly in “Risk Factors.”

Overview

We believe that we are a leader in the field of land-based aquaculture and the use of technology for improving its productivity and sustainability. Our lead product is our GE Atlantic salmon, which received FDA approval in 2015 as the first genetically engineered animal available for sale for human consumption. We have commenced commercial activities with operations in the United States and Canada where we have received regulatory approval. We are actively engaged in genetic, genomic, fish health and fish nutrition research, which drive continuous improvement in our operations and may lead to new, disruptive technologies and products that could further expand our competitive offerings.

COVID-19

Although COVID-19 vaccines have become more readily available in the United States and other parts of the world, several variants of the virus continue to spread.  Local governmental authorities in the United States and Canada have issued, and continue to update, directives aimed at minimizing the spread of the virus and we continue to monitor their status.

The ultimate impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on our operations will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence, and we cannot predict the extent or impact of the extended period of continued business interruption and reduced operations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or any additional preventative or protective measures taken in response.  In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we made modifications to our biosecurity procedures at our farm sites in early 2020 to adapt to local requirements and to provide a safe work environment. Our current preventative and protective measures include, but are not limited to, segregating farm workers to specific locations, rotating shifts, and monitoring worker temperatures upon arrival at our facilities. In certain circumstances, we utilized, and continue to utilize, work-from-home arrangements for employees that do not have fish care responsibilities. 

Due to the pandemic, we have experienced delays and cost increases in capital projects, additional challenges in our efforts to meet the capacity expectations at our existing facilities and continue to experience extended lead times on equipment purchases.  We may continue to experience delays and cost increases on farm construction, purchases of capital equipment and supplies and other materials required in our operations due to vendor shortages and other labor shortages. We also expect to continue to be impacted by transportation or supply chain disruptions to our partners or customers. In addition, we are carefully managing and monitoring the impact of labor shortages on our ability to meet the annual capacity expectations at our existing facilities.

Our operations were initially impacted by a reduction in the market price and demand for Atlantic salmon due to the pandemic’s impact on the food service sector. This had a negative impact on revenue and inventory value, as we were not yet an established vendor and customers appeared reluctant to add a new supplier during a period of depressed demand.  

During the second half of 2021, we were impacted by a shortage of labor at our Indiana farm and increased costs for third-party processing and transportation. This had a negative effect on revenue and inventory values and resulted in higher than expected sales costs for the period.  We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future.

We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity, and financial flexibility and continue to monitor developments as we deal with the disruptions and uncertainties from a business and financial perspective relating to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic. 

Financial Overview

We have incurred significant losses since our inception, which we expect to continue for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. We expect to generate product revenue primarily through the sales of our GE Atlantic salmon. We also sell conventional Atlantic salmon, salmon eggs, fry, and byproducts. We expect revenues to grow modestly in 2022, as we increase our weekly harvesting capability at our Indiana farm and as the U.S. economy continues to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic.

We expect our future capital requirements will be substantial, particularly as we continue to develop our business and expand our commercial activities, as discussed in “Liquidity and Capital Resources”.  During the next several years, we expect that our working capital requirements and our capital expenditures will increase substantially due to our plans to construct four to five new land-based production farms.

28

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Product Revenue

We currently generate product revenue through the sales of our GE Atlantic salmon, conventional Atlantic salmon eggs and fry, and salmon byproducts. We expect revenues to grow modestly in 2022, as we increase our weekly harvesting capability at our Indiana farm.  In the future, we believe that our revenue will depend upon the number and capacity of grow-out farms we have in operation and the market acceptance we achieve.

Production Costs

Production costs include the labor and related costs to grow out our fish, including feed, oxygen, and other direct costs; overhead; and the cost to process and ship our products to customers. A portion of production costs is absorbed into inventory as fish in process to the extent that these costs do not exceed the net realizable value of the fish biomass. The costs that are not absorbed into inventory, as well as any net realizable inventory value adjustments, are classified as production costs. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had sixty-one and forty-three employees, respectively engaged in production activities.

Sales and Marketing Expenses

Our sales and marketing expenses currently include salaries and related costs for our sales personnel and consulting fees for market-related activities.  During 2021, we also included the cost of our conventional salmon donation program. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had one and zero employees, respectively dedicated to sales and marketing.  We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase as our production output and revenues grow.

Research and Development Expenses

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we employed nineteen and fifteen scientists and technicians, respectively at our facilities on Prince Edward Island to oversee our broodstock of GE Atlantic salmon, as well as the lines of fish we maintain for research and development purposes. We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of:

·salaries and related overhead expenses for personnel in research, development functions, and brood-stock husbandry;

·fees paid to contract research organizations and consultants who perform research for us;

·costs related to laboratory supplies used in our research and development efforts; and

·costs related to the operation of our field trials.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for employees in executive, corporate, and finance functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include corporate governance and public company costs, regulatory affairs, rent and utilities, insurance, and legal services. We had fourteen employees in our general and administrative group at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Other Income (Expense), Net

Interest expense includes the interest on our outstanding loans and the amortization of debt issuance costs. Other income (expense) includes bank charges, fees, interest income, miscellaneous gains or losses on asset disposals and realized gains or losses on investments.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 

29

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Inventories

Inventories are mainly comprised of feed, eggs and fish in process. Fish in process inventory is measured based on the estimated biomass of fish on hand. We have established a standard procedure to estimate the biomass of fish on hand using counting and sampling techniques.  We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value (“NRV”). The NRV calculation contains various estimates and assumptions in regard to the calculation of the biomass, including expected yield, the market value of the biomass and estimated costs of processing and transportation.  

The estimates and assumptions used in calculating the NRV can introduce variability in the inventory value from period to period.  This is primarily due to the variability in the market price for salmon; the yield we can achieve in processing and the mix of products sold; and the number and frequency of shipments from our farm to our customers. Each of these factors in the calculation of NRV can change from week to week based on market conditions.  In our estimates, we rely on a combination of our actual experience, along with an estimation of foreseeable trends in the market.

Revenue Recognition

We generate revenue from the sale of our products.  Revenue is recognized when the customer takes physical control of the goods, in an amount that reflects the transaction price consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for the goods. Revenue excludes any sales tax collected and includes any estimate of future credits.

Our revenue can vary from period to period based on the available biomass of fish that are ready to be harvested; our resource capability to harvest, process and ship salmon from our farms; the percentage of fish that meet our quality requirements; and the market price for salmon. Additionally, once our product is received by a customer, it is subject to a quality review before acceptance.  To date, credits issued to customers for quality issues have been negligible, but we will continue to monitor and evaluate our customer quality experience as our shipments increase.  We started harvesting our GE Atlantic salmon in June of 2021 and we are still ramping up our internal harvesting resources and our customer base.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

We do not expect any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards to have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Results of Operations

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020.

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, together with the changes in those items in dollars (in thousands) and as a percentage:

                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                           

                                                                                         Year Ended                Dollar         %

                                                                                          December,

                                                                                   2021            2020          Change       Change

                                                                                                                              

Product revenue                                                               $        1,175 $          128         1,047       818%

Operating expenses:                                                                                                        

Product costs                                                                         10,786          6,680         4,106        61%

Sales and marketing                                                                    1,262            533           729       137%

Research and development                                                               2,146          2,365         (219)       (9)%

General and administrative                                                             9,103          6,798         2,305        34%

Operating loss                                                                      (22,122)       (16,248)       (5,874)        36%

Total other expense                                                                    (201)          (152)          (49)        32%

Net loss                                                                      $     (22,323) $     (16,400)       (5,923)        36%

 

Product Revenue

Product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of sales of our GE Atlantic salmon and conventional Atlantic salmon fry and eggs. For the comparative period in 2020, revenue included the sale of conventional Atlantic salmon, fry and eggs. During the current year, we began harvesting and selling our GE Atlantic salmon from both our Indiana and Rollo Bay farms.

30

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Production Costs

Production costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, were up from the corresponding period in 2020, due to production cost increases related to the commencement of harvesting at the Indiana and Rollo Bay farms.  Increases included headcount additions, feed costs and other direct supplies, as well as the costs for processing and transportation to bring our product to market.

The current year includes net realizable inventory value adjustments of $8.0 million based on the market price for salmon, our production yields and external processing and transportation costs.  

Costs for 2020 include net realizable inventory value adjustments of $4.2 million and a $1.5 million write-off against the carrying value of the conventional salmon biomass due to management’s decision to donate substantially all of the conventional salmon to local food charities during Q1 2021.

Sales and Marketing Expenses

Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, were up from the corresponding period in 2020 due to an increase in headcount and promotional expenses related to marketing activities for our salmon. Costs for the period also include a $514 thousand charge related to the donation program of conventional Atlantic salmon to local food charities.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, were down from the corresponding period in 2020 due to an increase in broodstock cost transferred to production costs for related product revenue during the period and a decrease in field trials, offset by increased outside contract service fees and personnel costs.  During the current period, research activities included feed nutrition trials, discovery research in salmon immunology and work on a genome study to identify genes associated with economically important traits in salmon.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, were up from the corresponding period in 2020 due to increases in personnel, outside consulting and advisory fees, auditing fees, insurance costs, and travel, partly offset by decreases in legal fees and stock compensation charges.

Total Other (Income) Expense

Total other (income) expense for 2021 is comprised of interest on debt, bank charges, and interest income. Total other (income) expense for 2020 is comprised of interest on debt, bank charges, interest income, and a net gain on the disposal of assets.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Sources of Liquidity

We have incurred losses from operations since our inception in 1991, and, as of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $171 million.  We expect to continue to experience losses from operations for the foreseeable future and we will require substantial additional cash to fund our business plans.  Liquidity has primarily come from equity financings, supplemented by debt transactions.

During 2020, we completed three public equity offerings totaling 33,028,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $104.6 million and we issued 713,449 shares of common stock through the conversion of outstanding warrants for total proceeds of $2.3 million.  During 2021, we completed a public equity offering of 14,950,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $119.1 million. 

In the future, we expect to use bond issuances to fund the construction of our farms and we may use additional equity issuances to supplement these costs or to fund other growth opportunities.

As of December 31, 2021, we had $191.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash.  

Our principal contractual commitments include capital expenditure obligations, repayments of debt and related interest, and payments under operating leases. Refer to the notes in our consolidated financial statements for further information about our share capital expenditure commitments (Note 6), debt (Note 7), and lease payment obligations (Note 10).

31

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Cash Flows

The following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below (in thousands):

 

                                                                                                                           

                                                                                         Year Ended                Dollar         %

                                                                                        December 31,

                                                                                   2021            2020          Change       Change

                                                                                                                                  

Net cash provided by (used in):                                                                                            

Operating activities                                                          $     (20,472) $     (14,289)       (6,183)        43%

Investing activities                                                               (107,539)        (3,239)     (104,300)     3,220%

Financing activities                                                                 121,179        111,003        10,176         9%

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                   36           (23)            59     (257)%

Net increase in cash                                                          $      (6,796) $       93,452     (100,248)     (107)%

 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily comprised of our $22.3 million net loss, offset by non-cash depreciation and stock compensation charges of $2.2 million and increased by working capital uses of $349 thousand. Spending on operations increased in 2021 due to increases in production activities at our Rollo Bay and Indiana farm sites and outside consulting and advisory fees. Cash used for working capital was due primarily to increases in receivables and prepaid expenses, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and a decrease in inventory.

Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily comprised of our $16.4 million net loss, offset by non-cash depreciation and stock compensation charges of $1.9 million and by working capital sources of $136 thousand. Spending on operations increased in 2020 due to increases in production activities at our Rollo Bay and Indiana farm sites, offset by lower field trial costs related to our demonstration farm in Panama and travel expenses. Cash provided by working capital was due primarily to an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by increases in inventory and prepaid expenses.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

During 2021, we used $5.7 million for renovations to our Indiana farm site, construction charges at our Rollo Bay farm site and renovations at our Fortune Bay hatchery, $45 thousand for deposits on equipment purchases and $101.8  million on the purchase of marketable securities. 

During 2020, we used $4.0 million for renovations to our Indiana farm site and for construction charges at our Rollo Bay site, offset by $100 thousand in proceeds from the sale of equipment and $1 million in net proceeds from a settlement agreement. 

We expect expenditures on capital projects to increase in future periods as we commence construction of our Ohio farm.  We currently estimate the construction costs to be in the range of $290 million to $320 million, including a reserve for potential contingencies of $30 million.  We expect to finance this project cost through a combination of cash on hand and debt.  Estimating the cost and timing for the completion of this new and complex capital project is inherently difficult and subject to change based on a number of factors, including design changes, fluctuating costs of materials, labor shortages, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, construction delays, dependence on contractors, financing costs, customer requirements and unexpected complications.  For more information, see “Our business plans include the need for substantial additional capital and without it we may not be able to implement our strategy as planned or at all.”

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

During 2021, we received approximately $119.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock in a public equity offering, $1.7 million from the exercise of warrants, and $606 thousand from new debt. This was offset by $272 thousand in debt repayment.

During 2020, we received approximately $104.6 million in net proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock in three public equity offerings, $2.3 million from the exercise of warrants, and $4.1 million from the issuance of debt, net of repayments and debt issuance costs.

Future Capital Requirements

In February 2021, we completed an equity raise with net proceeds of $119.1 million and we had $191.2 million of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash as of December 31, 2021.  While we have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, we believe that we have sufficient cash to meet our requirements for at least the next twelve months from the filing date.

During 2022, we expect to use approximately $130 million of cash to fund our operations and the first year of construction costs for our Ohio farm.

32

 



Table of Contents

 

 

In 2020, we entered into a term loan agreement with First Farmers Bank and Trust in the amount of $4 million, which is secured by the assets of our Indiana subsidiary and a corporate guarantee.  The agreement contains certain financial and non-financial covenants, which if not met, could result in an event of default pursuant to the terms of the loan.  The ability of the Indiana subsidiary to meet its debt covenants over the next twelve months is dependent upon its operating performance.   

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate positive operating cash flows, we may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, strategic alliances, and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of holders of our common stock will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through government or other third-party funding; marketing and distribution arrangements; or other collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs, or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.

If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through financings, sales of our products, government grants, loans, or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to maintain our currently planned operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

 

The following sections provide quantitative information on our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk. We make use of sensitivity analyses, which are inherently limited in estimating actual losses in fair value that can occur from changes in market conditions.

 

Interest Rate Risk

 

Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with debt financing that we utilize from time to time to fund operations or specific projects. The interest on this debt is usually determined based on a fixed rate and is contractually set in advance. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had $5.8 million and $6.0 million, respectively, in interest-bearing debt instruments on our consolidated balance sheet. All of our interest-bearing debt is at fixed rates, except for our loan with First Farmers’ Bank and Trust which has a rate reset in July 2025.

 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

 

Our functional currency is the U.S. Dollar. The functional currency of our Canadian subsidiary is the Canadian Dollar, and the functional currency of our U.S. and Brazil subsidiaries is the U.S. Dollar. For the Canadian subsidiary, assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at the historical exchange rate, and the income statement accounts are translated at the average rate for each period during the year. Net translation gains or losses are adjusted directly to a separate component of other comprehensive loss within shareholders’ equity.

 

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 

The financial statements required by this Item are located beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

 

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

 

None.

 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of December 31, 2021 (the “Evaluation Date”), our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer 

33

 



Table of Contents

 

and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

 

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers and effected by our board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

 

·pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets;

·provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

·provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and

·provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 

Because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In conducting this evaluation, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).

 

Based upon this evaluation and those criteria, management believes that, as of December 31, 2021, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective.

 

This Annual Report on Form 10K does not include an attestation report of the Company’s independent registered accounting firm as we are an emerging growth company, as defined under the JOBS Act, and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company is not required to have the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting audited by its external auditors for as long as the Company is deemed to be an emerging growth company.

 

Changes in Internal Control

 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

 

Item 9B.  Other Information

 

None.

 

Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

 

Not applicable.

 



 

34

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Part III

 

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

 

The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2021, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K by reference.

 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined under the JOBS Act, and are therefore not required to provide certain disclosures regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies or hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation or obtain stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

 

The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2021, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K by reference.

 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

 

The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2021, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K by reference.

 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

 

The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2021, and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K by reference.

 

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services

 

The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2021 and is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10K, for Deloitte & Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34) and Wolf & Company P.C. (PCAOB ID No. 392).

 

35

 



Table of Contents

 

Part IV

 

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

 

List of Documents Filed as Part of this Report

 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements

 

The following consolidated financial statements are filed herewith in accordance with Item 8 of Part II above:

 

(i)    Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms

 

(ii)   Consolidated Balance Sheets

 

(iii)  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss

 

(iv)  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity

 

(v)   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 

(vi)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 

2. Schedules

 

Schedules not listed are omitted because the required information is inapplicable or is presented in the consolidated financial statements.



 

36

 



Table of Contents

 

 

3. Exhibits

 

                   

 Exhibit Number   Exhibit Description

      3.1*        Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference

                   to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

      3.2*        Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by

                   reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 6,

                   2017).

      3.3*        Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on January

                   15,

                   2020).

      3.4*        Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 19,

                   2020).

      3.5*        Amended and Restated Bylaws of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the

                   Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

      4.1*        Specimen Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Registration

                   Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

      4.2*        Specimen Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Registration

                   Statement on Form S-1, filed on January 9,

                   2018).

       4.3        Description of Registrant’s securities. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration’s Annual Report

                   on Form 10-K, filed on March 10,

                   2020).

      10.1*       Stock Purchase Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Intrexon Corporation, dated November 7,

                   2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on

                   November 7,

                   2016).

     10.2*†       AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the

                   Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.3*†       Amendment No. 1 to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit

                   10.3 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.4*†       Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by

                   reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.5*†       Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated

                   by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.6*†       AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the

                   Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.7*†       Amendment No. 1 to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit

                   10.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 2.

                   2019).

      10.8*       Amendment No. 2 to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit

                   10.3 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 29,

                   2020).

     10.9*†       Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by

                   reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on December 12,

                   2016).

     10.10*†      Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated

                   by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on December 12,

                   2016).

     10.11*       Relationship Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Intrexon Corporation, dated December 5, 2012

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November

                   7,

                   2016).

     10.12*       Subscription Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and the investors listed therein, dated February

                   14, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on

                   November 7,

                   2016).

     10.13*       Subscription Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Intrexon Corporation, dated March 5, 2014

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November

                   7,

                   2016).

     10.14*       Subscription Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Intrexon Corporation, dated June 24, 2015

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November

                   7,

                   2016).

 

37

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

     10.15*       Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Intrexon Corporation, dated

                   February 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10,

                   filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.16*       Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and certain holders of its Common

                   Stock Purchase Warrants, dated October 24, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s

                   Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 25,

                   2018).

     10.17*       Agreement, by and among Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency and AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. and AquaBounty Technologies

                   Inc., dated December 16, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement

                   on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.18*       Offer Letter dated as of July 10, 2018, from Prince Edward Island Century 2000 Fund Inc. to AQUA Bounty Canada Inc.

                   and accepted by AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. and AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. on August 20, 2018 (incorporated by

                   reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.19*       Negotiable Promissory Note dated as of October 16, 2018, issued by AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. in favor of Prince Edward

                   Island Century 2000 Fund Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on

                   Form 10-Q, filed on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.20*       Collateral Mortgage dated as of July 26, 2016, by and between AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. and Prince Edward Island

                   Century 2000 Fund Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,

                   filed on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.21*       Collateral Mortgage dated as of October 9, 2018, by and between AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. and Prince Edward Island

                   Century 2000 Fund Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,

                   filed on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.22*       General Security Agreement dated as of July 26, 2016, by and between AQUA Bounty Canada Inc. and Prince Edward Island

                   Century 2000 Fund Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,

                   filed on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.23*       Guarantee dated as of October 9, 2018, made by AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. in favor of Prince Edward Island Century

                   2000 Fund Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed

                   on November 2,

                   2018).

     10.24*†      Employment Agreement, by and between Sylvia Wulf and AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., dated November 27. 2018

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 28,

                   2018).

     10.25*†      Employment Agreement, by and between David Frank and AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., dated October 1, 2007

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November

                   7,

                   2016).

     10.26*†      Employment Agreement, by and between Alejandro Rojas and AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., dated December 30, 2013

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November

                   7,

                   2016).

     10.27*       Intellectual Property License and Full and Final Release among Genesis Group, Inc., HSC Research and Development

                   Partnership and AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., dated February 28, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19

                   to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on November 7,

                   2016).

     10.28*       Asset Purchase Agreement by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Bell Fish Company LLC, dated as of June 9,

                   2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August

                   4,

                   2017).

     10.29*#      Loan and Security Agreement by and between AquaBounty Farms Indiana LLC and First Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as of

                   July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on

                   August 6,

                   2020).

     10.30*       Term Note granted by AquaBounty Farms Indiana LLC in favor of First Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as of July 31, 2020

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.31*       Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Leases, Security Agreement, Fixture Filing and Financing Statement granted by

                   AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. in favor of First Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by

                   reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.31*       Guarantor Security Agreement by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and First Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as

                   of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed

                   on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.32*       Unconditional and Continuing Secured Guaranty Agreement by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and First

                   Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s

                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6,

                   2020).

 

38

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

     10.33*       Collateral Access Agreement by and between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and First Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as

                   of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed

                   on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.34*       Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty Agreement by and between AquaBounty Farms, Inc. and First Farmers Bank and

                   Trust, dated as of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on

                   Form 10-Q, filed on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.35*       Environmental Indemnity Agreement by and among AquaBounty Technologies, Inc., AquaBounty Farms Indiana LLC, and First

                   Farmers Bank and Trust, dated as of July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s

                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6,

                   2020).

     10.36*       Letter Agreement between AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and Third Security And its affiliates dated July 30, 2021

                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 4,

                   2021).

      16.1*       Letter from Wolf & Company, P.C. dated July 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Registrant’s

                   Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 7,

                   2021).

      21.1        List of Subsidiaries of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

      23.1        Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

      23.2        Consent of Wolf & Company, P.C.

      31.1        Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

      31.2        Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

      32.1        Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the

                   Sarbanes-Oxley Act of

                   2002.

     101.INS      Inline XBRL instance document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags

                   are embedded within the Inline XBRL

                   document.

     101.SCH      Inline XBRL taxonomy extension schema document.

     101.CAL      Inline XBRL taxonomy extension calculation linkbase document.

     101.DEF      Inline XBRL taxonomy extension definition linkbase document.

     101.LAB      Inline XBRL taxonomy label linkbase document.

     101.PRE      Inline XBRL taxonomy extension presentation linkbase document.

       104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained

                   in exhibit

                   101).

                   

*Incorporated herein by reference as indicated.

 

# Schedules, exhibits, and similar supporting attachments or agreements to the Loan and Security Agreement are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

 

†Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

 

The registrant hereby undertakes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of any constituent instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant or its subsidiaries that have not been filed herewith because the amounts represented thereby are less than 10% of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

 

 



 

39

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Item 16.  Form 10K Summary

 

Not applicable. 

Signatures

 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

 

                                                                              

                                                                     AQUABOUNTY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                                                              

                                                                     By:     /s/ Sylvia A. Wulf

                                                                             Sylvia A. Wulf

                                                                             Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director

 

Power of Attorney

 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David A. Frank and Angela M. Olsen, as his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated below.

 

              Signature                                                Title                                            Date

                                                                                                               

         /s/ Sylvia A. Wulf           President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive         March 10, 2022

                                       Officer)

           Sylvia A. Wulf               

                                                                                                               

         /s/ David A. Frank           Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and       March 10, 2022

                                       Principal Accounting

                                       Officer)

           David A. Frank               

                                                                                                               

       /s/ Richard J. Clothier        Chairman of the Board, Director                                              March 10, 2022

         Richard J. Clothier                                                                                   

                                                                                                               

       /s/ Christine St.Clare         Director                                                                     March 10, 2022

         Christine St.Clare                                                                                    

                                                                                                               

          /s/ Rick Sterling           Director                                                                     March 10, 2022

            Rick Sterling                                                                                      

                                                                                                               

          /s/ James C. Turk           Director                                                                     March 10, 2022

            James C. Turk                                                                                      

                                                                                                               

          /s/ Alana D. Kirk           Director                                                                     March 10, 2022

            Alana D. Kirk                                                                                      

                                                                                                               

       /s/ Theodore J. Fisher         Director                                                                     March 10, 2022

         Theodore J. Fisher                                                                                    

                                                                                                               

         /s/ Ricardo Alvarez           Director                                                                    March 10, 2022

           Ricardo Alvarez                                                                                         March 10, 2022

                                      Director

        /s/ Gail Sharps Myers

               Gail Sharps Myers

 

 

 

40

 



Table of Contents

 

 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

 

Baltimore, Maryland  

March 10, 2022 

 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.



 

F-1

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Wolf & Company, P.C.

 

Boston, Massachusetts

March 9, 2021

 

We served as the Company’s auditor from 2011 to 2020.

 

 

 

F-2

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

 

Consolidated Balance Sheets

 

 

                                                                                                                       

                                                                                                           As of December 31,

                                                                                                       2021                 2020

Assets                                                                                                                 

Current assets:                                                                                                        

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       $       88,454,988  $       95,751,160

Marketable securities                                                                                  101,773,781                   —

Inventory, net                                                                                           1,259,910           1,525,377

Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                1,536,484             405,370

Total current assets                                                                                   193,025,163          97,681,907

                                                                                                                       

Property, plant and equipment, net                                                                      33,815,119          26,930,338

Right of use assets, net                                                                                   284,320             341,997

Intangible assets, net                                                                                     231,842             245,546

Restricted cash                                                                                          1,000,000             500,000

Other assets                                                                                                79,548              76,715

Total assets                                                                                    $      228,435,992  $      125,776,503

                                                                                                                       

Liabilities and stockholders' equity                                                                                   

Current liabilities:                                                                                                   

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                        $        4,317,615  $        1,176,802

Accrued employee compensation                                                                              874,589             583,301

Current debt                                                                                               627,365             259,939

Other current liabilities                                                                                   66,269              62,483

Total current liabilities                                                                                5,885,838           2,082,525

                                                                                                                       

Long-term lease obligations                                                                                224,058             290,327

Long-term debt, net                                                                                      8,523,333           8,528,490

Total liabilities                                                                                       14,633,229          10,901,342

                                                                                                                       

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10)                                                                                

                                                                                                                       

Stockholders' equity:                                                                                                  

Common stock, $0.001 par value, 80,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2021 and                                  

2020; 71,025,738 and 55,497,133 shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively              71,026              55,497

Additional paid-in capital                                                                             384,852,107         263,629,116

Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                                     (255,588)           (267,258)

Accumulated deficit                                                                                  (170,864,782)       (148,542,194)

Total stockholders' equity                                                                             213,802,763         114,875,161

                                                                                                                       

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                                      $      228,435,992  $      125,776,503

 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

 



 

F-3

 



Table of Contents

 

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss

 

 

 

                                                                                                              

                                                                                                    Years ended 

                                                                                                    December 31,

                                                                                       2021                           2020

Revenues                                                                                                      

Product revenues                                                            $                 1,174,832   $                     127,663

                                                                                                              

Costs and expenses                                                                                            

Product costs                                                                                10,786,072                       6,680,012

Sales and marketing                                                                           1,261,764                         533,428

Research and development                                                                      2,145,548                       2,364,610

General and administrative                                                                    9,103,213                       6,797,443

Total costs and expenses                                                                     23,296,597                      16,375,493

                                                                                                              

Operating loss                                                                             (22,121,765)                    (16,247,830)

                                                                                                              

Other income (expense)                                                                                        

Interest expense                                                                              (316,442)                       (152,367)

Other income (expense), net                                                                     115,619                             212

Total other income (expense)                                                                  (200,823)                       (152,155)

                                                                                                              

Net loss                                                                    $              (22,322,588)   $                (16,399,985)

                                                                                                              

Other comprehensive income (loss):                                                                            

Foreign currency                                                                                 51,771                          92,902

Unrealized losses on marketable securities                                                     (40,101)                               —

Total other comprehensive income                                                                 11,670                          92,902

                                                                                                              

Comprehensive loss                                                          $              (22,310,918)   $                (16,307,083)

                                                                                                              

                                                                                                              

 Basic and diluted net loss per share                                       $                    (0.32)   $                      (0.45)

 Weighted average number of common shares -                                                                   

 basic and diluted                                                                           69,428,061                      36,347,398

 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

 



 

F-4

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity

 

 

 

                                                                                                                

                              Common stock     Par value       Additional        Accumulated      Accumulated          Total

                                issued and                       paid-in            other            deficit

                               outstanding                       capital        comprehensive

                                                                                     loss

Balance as of December 31,        21,635,365 $      21,635 $    156,241,363 $      (360,160) $  (132,142,209) $     23,760,629

 2019

Net loss                                                                                         (16,399,985)     (16,399,985)

Other comprehensive income                                                            92,902                            92,902

Issuance of common stock for          20,000            20           40,580                                             40,600

 service

Issuance of common stock,         33,028,000        33,028      104,592,587                                        104,625,615

 net of

 expenses

Exercise of warrants for             713,449           713        2,317,996                                          2,318,709

 common

 stock

Share based compensation             100,319           101          436,590                                            436,691

Balance as of December 31,        55,497,133 $      55,497 $    263,629,116 $      (267,258) $  (148,542,194) $    114,875,161

 2020

Net loss                                                                                         (22,322,588)     (22,322,588)

Other comprehensive income                                                            11,670                            11,670

Cashless exercise of options           4,354             4              (4)                                                  —

 for common

 stock

Issuance of common stock,         14,950,000        14,950      119,105,487                                        119,120,437

 net of

 expenses

Exercise of warrants for             530,414           530        1,723,316                                          1,723,846

 common

 stock

Share based compensation              43,837            45          394,192                                            394,237

Balance as of December 31,        71,025,738 $      71,026 $    384,852,107 $      (255,588) $  (170,864,782) $    213,802,763

 2021

 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

 



F-5

 



Table of Contents

 

 

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 

 

                                                                                                                       

                                                                                                              Years Ended 

                                                                                                              December 31,

                                                                                                       2021                 2020

Operating activities                                                                                                   

Net loss                                                                                        $     (22,322,588)  $     (16,399,985)

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in                                                                   

operating activities:                                                                                                  

Depreciation and amortization                                                                            1,787,564           1,494,596

Share-based compensation                                                                                   394,237             436,691

Other non-cash charge                                                                                       17,386              44,339

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:                                                                           

Inventory                                                                                                  267,833           (282,260)

Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                      (1,138,691)            (74,621)

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                   230,712             145,607

Accrued employee compensation                                                                              291,288             346,812

Net cash used in operating activities                                                                 (20,472,259)        (14,288,821)

                                                                                                                       

Investing activities                                                                                                   

Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                             (5,668,696)         (3,975,135)

Deposits on equipment purchases                                                                           (45,111)           (349,847)

Proceeds from sale equipment                                                                                     —              99,816

Purchases of marketable securities, net                                                              (101,813,882)                   —

Proceeds from legal settlement, net                                                                              —           1,014,008

Other investing activities                                                                                (11,010)            (27,253)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                                (107,538,699)         (3,238,411)

                                                                                                                       

Financing activities                                                                                                   

Proceeds from issuance of debt                                                                             606,453           4,221,130

Payment of debt issuance costs                                                                                   —            (91,620)

Repayment of term debt                                                                                   (272,102)            (70,826)

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net                                                        119,120,437         104,625,615

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants                                                 1,723,846           2,318,709

Net cash provided by financing activities                                                              121,178,634         111,003,008

                                                                                                                       

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               36,152            (23,360)

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                               (6,796,172)          93,452,416

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                                       96,251,160           2,798,744

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                                     $       89,454,988  $       96,251,160

                                                                                                                       

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported                                                  

in the consolidated balance sheet:                                                                                     

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $       88,454,988  $       95,751,160

   Restricted cash                                                                                       1,000,000             500,000

   Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                             $       89,454,988  $       96,251,160

                                                                                                                       

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information and                                                                   

non-cash transactions:                                                                                                 

   Interest paid in cash                                                                        $          299,056  $          114,893

   Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  $        2,926,016  $           23,600

 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

 

F-6

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

 

1. Nature of business and organization

 

Nature of business

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. (the “Parent” and, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, the “Company”) was incorporated in December 1991 in the State of Delaware for the purpose of conducting research and development of the commercial viability of a group of proteins commonly known as antifreeze proteins. In 1996, the Parent obtained the exclusive licensing rights for a gene construct (transgene) used to create a breed of farmraised Atlantic salmon that exhibit growth rates that are substantially faster than conventional salmon.  In 2015, the Parent obtained regulatory approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the production and sale of its genetically engineered AquAdvantage salmon product (“GE Atlantic salmon”) in the United States and in 2016, the Parent obtained regulatory approval from Health Canada for the production and sale of its GE Atlantic salmon product in Canada. In 2021, the Parent obtained regulatory approval from the National Biosafety Technical Commission for the sale of its GE Atlantic salmon product in Brazil.

Basis of presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The entities are collectively referred to herein as the “Company.” All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Liquidity

The Company completed an equity raise in 2021with net proceeds of $119.1 million and has $191.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash as of December 31, 2021. While the Company has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, management believes that it has sufficient cash to meet the Company's requirements beyond the next twelve months from the filing date of these consolidated financial statements. However, until such time as the Company reaches profitability, it may require additional financing to fund its operations and execute its business plan.

 

2. Summary of significant accounting policies

 

Use of estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Comprehensive loss

The Company displays comprehensive loss and its components as part of its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive loss consists of net loss and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) includes foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains (losses) on the Company’s marketable securities. 

Foreign currency translation

The functional currency of the Parent is the US Dollar. The functional currency of the Canadian Subsidiary is the Canadian Dollar (C$) and the functional currency of the US and Brazil Subsidiaries is the US Dollar. For the Canadian Subsidiary, assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at the historical exchange rate and the income statement accounts are translated at the average rate for each period during the year. Net translation gains or losses are adjusted directly to a separate component of other comprehensive income (loss) within stockholders’ equity.

Cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.  Cash equivalents consist primarily of business savings accounts, certificates of deposit and money market accounts. 

Marketable securities

Marketable securities include government bonds, corporate bonds and commercial paper.  The Company's investment policy requires investments to be explicitly rated by two of Standard & Poor's, Moody's or Fitch and to have a minimum rating of A1, P1 or F-1, 

F-7

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

respectively, from those agencies.  In addition, the investment policy limits individual maturities to 12 months, the dollar-weighted average maturity to 180 days and the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer to 5%.

Inventories

Inventories are mainly comprised of feed, eggs and fish in process. Fish in process inventory is measured based on the estimated biomass of fish on hand. The Company has established a standard procedure to estimate the biomass of fish on hand using counting and sampling techniques.  The Company measures inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value (NRV).  The NRV calculation contains various estimates and assumptions in regard to the calculation of the biomass, including expected yield, the market value of the biomass and estimated costs of completion and transportation. 

Intangible assets

Definite lived intangible assets include patents and licenses.  Patent costs consist primarily of legal and filing fees incurred to file patents on proprietary technology developed by the Company. Patent costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years beginning with the filing date of the applicable patent.  License fees are capitalized and expensed over the term of the licensing agreement.

Indefinite lived intangible assets include trademark costs, which are capitalized with no amortization as they have an indefinite life.

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. The Company depreciates all asset classes over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

 

                                                               

                                                               

Building                                                      20 - 25 years

Equipment                                                     5 - 20 years

Office furniture and equipment                                3 years

Leasehold improvements                                        shorter of asset life or lease term

Vehicles                                                      3 years

 

The Company commences depreciation on an asset when it is placed into service.

Impairment of long-lived assets

The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, definite lived intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment when facts and circumstances suggest that they may be impaired. The carrying values of such assets are considered impaired when the estimated undiscounted cash flows from such assets are less than their carrying values. An impairment loss, if any, is recognized in the amount of the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of such assets.

Indefinite lived intangible assets are subject to impairment testing annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. The Company’s impairment testing utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis that requires significant management judgment with respect to revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital and the selection and use of the appropriate discount rate. An impairment loss is recognized in the amount of the difference between the carrying amount and fair value.

Leases

The Company leases certain facilities, property, and equipment under noncancelable operating leases. A determination is made if an arrangement is a lease at its inception, and leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet.  Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. For operating leases, expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The Company has agreements with lease (e.g., minimum rent payments) and non-lease components (e.g., maintenance), which are generally accounted for separately. The Company has not elected the practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components as one lease component.

F-8

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02 Leases on January 1, 2019 and recognized a lease liability of $532 thousand and a corresponding right-of-use asset of $512 thousand. Management calculated the lease liability based on the net present value of the remaining lease payments on the date of adoption using a weighted average discount rate of 8%. As most of the Company’s leases did not provide an implicit interest rate, management used an estimated incremental borrowing rate. The adoption did not result in any cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings.

Revenue recognition

The Company generates revenue from the sale of its products.  Revenue is recognized when the customer takes physical control of the goods, in an amount that reflects the transaction price consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods. Revenue excludes any sales tax collected and includes any estimate of future credits.  During 2021, the Company recognized $747 thousand and $428 thousand in revenue from product sales from its Canada and U.S. subsidiaries, respectively.

Income taxes

The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences reverse. A valuation allowance is established to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company follows accounting guidance regarding the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions in the financial statements. Tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company’s tax returns are required to be evaluated to determine whether the tax positions are “more likely than not” to be upheld under regulatory review. The resulting tax impact of these tax positions is recognized in the financial statements based on the results of this evaluation. The Company did not recognize any tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions, nor has it recognized any interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax positions. The Company is not currently under exam and is no longer subject to federal and state tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. 

Net loss per share

Basic and diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders has been calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Basic net loss per share is based solely on the number of common shares outstanding during the year. Fully diluted net loss per share includes the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants and options with an exercise price less than the fair value of the common stock unless the impact of the warrant or option is anti-dilutive to the calculation. Since the Company is reporting a net loss for all periods presented, all potential common shares are considered anti-dilutive and are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had 1,081,866 potentially dilutive securities outstanding, consisting of 418,441 warrants and 663,425 stock options.  As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 2,236,229 potentially dilutive securities outstanding, consisting of 1,662,304 warrants and 573,925 stock options.

Share-based compensation

The Company measures and recognizes all share-based payment awards, including stock options and restricted share units made to employees and Directors, based on estimated fair values. The fair value of a share-based payment award is estimated on the date of grant using an option pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model (“Black-Scholes”) as its method of valuation. Non-employee stock-based compensation is accounted for using Black-Scholes to determine the fair value of warrants or options awarded to non-employees with the fair value of such issuances expensed over the period of service.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with those standards. The Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards unless otherwise state. 

The Company will remain an “emerging growth company” until the earliest of (i) December 31, 2023, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which it has total annual gross revenues of $1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date on which it has issued more than $1.0 billion in 

F-9

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

nonconvertible debt during the previous three years or (iv) the date on which it is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which generally is when it has more than $700 million in market value of its stock held by non-affiliates, has been a public company for at least 12 months and have filed one annual report on Form 10-K.

Management does not expect any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards to have a material effect on its results of operations or financial condition.

 

3. Risks and uncertainties

 

The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common in the biotechnology and aquaculture industries. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) results from current and planned product development studies and trials; (ii) decisions made by the FDA or similar regulatory bodies in other countries with respect to approval and commercial sale of any of the Company’s proposed products; (iii) the commercial acceptance of any products approved for sale and the Company’s ability to produce, distribute, and sell for a profit any products approved for sale; (iv) the Company’s ability to obtain the necessary patents and proprietary rights to effectively protect its technologies; and (v) the outcome of any collaborations or alliances entered into by the Company.

COVID-19

Although the COVID-19 pandemic has diminished in the United States and other parts of the world as vaccines have become more readily available, several variants of the virus continue to spread.  Local governmental authorities in the United States and Canada have issued, and continue to update, directives aimed at minimizing the spread of the virus and the Company continues to monitor its status.

The ultimate impact of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s operations will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence, and the Company cannot predict the extent or impact of the extended period of continued business interruption and reduced operations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or any additional preventative or protective measures taken in response. In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, management made modifications to biosecurity procedures at the farm sites in early 2020 to adapt to local requirements and to provide a safe work environment. The Company’s current preventative and protective measures include, but are not limited to, segregating farm workers to specific locations, rotating shifts, and monitoring worker temperatures upon arrival at the Company’s facilities. To the extent possible, work-from-home is utilized for employees that do not have fish care responsibilities. 

Concentration of credit risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. This risk is mitigated by the Company’s policy of maintaining all balances with highly rated financial institutions, investing cash equivalents with maturities of less than 90 days, and investing marketable securities with maturities of less than 180 days. The Company’s cash balances may at times exceed insurance limitations. The Company holds cash balances in bank accounts located in Canada to fund its local operations. These amounts are subject to foreign currency exchange risk, which is minimized by the Company’s policy to limit the balances held in these accounts. Balances in Canadian bank accounts totaled $224 thousand at December 31, 2021.  The Company also holds cash equivalent investments in a highly liquid investment account at a major financial institution.  As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 the cash equivalent investment balance was $73.3 million and $0, respectively.

Financial instruments

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and accounts payable approximate fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of term debt approximates its fair value since it provides for market terms and interest rates.  All of the Company’s interest-bearing debt is at fixed rates, except for the loan with First Farmer’s Bank and Trust, which has a rate reset in July 2025.

The Company groups its financial instruments measured at fair value, if any, in three levels based on the markets in which the instruments are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgement used in measuring fair value.  The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

Level 1: Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices, unadjusted, for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

F-10

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

Level 2: Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs derived principally from, or that can be corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means.

Level 3: Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.  Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgement or estimation. 

4. Marketable Securities

Marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale.  The following table summarizes the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and the fair value as of December 31, 2021:

 

                                                                                                                        

                                                         Amortized             Unrealized            Unrealized              Market

                                                            Cost                 Gains                 Losses                Value

                                                                                       December 31, 2021

Government bonds                                   $         28,453,161  $                 82  $           (18,255)  $         28,434,988

Corporate bonds                                              29,874,696                     -              (21,928)            29,852,768

Commercial paper                                             43,486,025                     -                     -            43,486,025

Marketable securities                              $        101,813,882  $                 82  $           (40,183)  $        101,773,781

There were no marketable securities as of December 31, 2020.

 

5. Inventory

 

Major classifications of inventory are summarized as follows for December 31, 2021 and 2020:

 

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                             December 31, 2021        December 31, 2020

Feed, net                                                                                 $              162,047                   244,311

Eggs and fry                                                                                                   —                    54,929

Packaging                                                                                                      —                     6,452

Fish in process, net                                                                                   1,097,863                 1,219,685

Inventory, net                                                                            $            1,259,910                 1,525,377

 

In December 2020, the Company reserved $1.53 million against the value of its fish-in-process inventory, representing the total carrying amount of its conventional salmon biomass.  The Company donated substantially all of its conventional salmon to local food charities in 2021.

 

6. Property, plant and equipment

 

Major classifications of property, plant and equipment are summarized as follows for December 31, 2021 and 2020:

 

 

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                            December 31, 2021       December 31, 2020

Land                                                                                      $              725,799  $              724,785

Building and improvements                                                                             15,580,385              14,048,917

Construction in process                                                                                8,119,575               3,212,287

Equipment                                                                                             15,981,408              13,819,210

Office furniture and equipment                                                                           240,939                 202,596

Vehicles                                                                                                  36,280                  28,700

Total property and equipment                                                              $           40,684,386  $           32,036,495

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                       (6,869,267)             (5,106,157)

Property, plant and equipment, net                                                        $           33,815,119  $           26,930,338

 

Depreciation and amortization expense for 2021 and 2020 on property, plant and equipment was $1.8 million and $1.5 million, respectively.

F-11

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

In March 2020, the Company settled an outstanding legal claim against a third party resulting in net proceeds of $1.0 million. The proceeds received reduced the carrying value of the acquired equipment. Depreciation on these items has been recalculated prospectively over their remaining useful lives.  

As of December 31, 2021, construction in process included $5.2 million, $2.0 million and $856 thousand for construction related to the Ohio, Rollo Bay and Indiana farm sites, respectively.  An additional $12.2 million has been contractually committed for these farm sites, though if a contract were terminated, a portion of this total would be refundable based on the amount of work completed as of the date of contract termination.

 

7. Debt

 

The current terms and conditions of long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, are as follows:

 

                                                                                                                     

                                           Interest        Monthly           Maturity        December 31, 2021      December 31, 2020

                                             rate         repayment            date

ACOA AIF Grant                                0%          Royalties             -          $           2,261,349  $           2,253,595

ACOA term loan #1                             0%           C$3,120           Feb 2027                    152,346                181,203

ACOA term loan #2                             0%           C$4,630           Sep 2029                    339,015                381,451

ACOA term loan #3                             0%           C$6,945           Dec 2025                    196,850                      —

Kubota Canada Ltd                             0%           C$1,142           Jan 2025                     33,283                 43,925

PEI Finance term loan                         4%           C$16,313          Nov 2023                  1,947,510              2,014,321

DFO term loan                                 0%           C$2,091           Aug 2032                    405,700                      —

First Farmers Bank & Trust term loan        5.375%         $56,832           Oct 2028                  3,883,325              4,000,000

Total debt                                                                                 $           9,219,378  $           8,874,495

less: debt issuance costs                                                                               (68,680)               (86,066)

less: current portion                                                                                  (627,365)              (259,939)

Long-term debt, net                                                                        $           8,523,333  $           8,528,490

 

Principal payments due on the long-term debt are as follows:

 

 

                                                                                                                         

                                                                                                                              Total

2022                                                                                                                  $            643,980

2023                                                                                                                             2,564,347

2024                                                                                                                               729,626

2025                                                                                                                               750,175

2026                                                                                                                               715,392

Thereafter                                                                                                                       3,815,858

Total                                                                                                                 $          9,219,378

 

Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency (“ACOA”)

ACOA is a Canadian government agency that provides funding to support the development of businesses and promote employment in the Atlantic region of Canada.

ACOA Atlantic Innovation Fund (“AIF”) Grant

In January 2009, the Canadian Subsidiary was awarded an AIF grant from ACOA to provide a contribution towards the funding of a research and development project. Contributions under the grant were made through 2014 and no further funds are available. Amounts claimed by the Canadian Subsidiary must be repaid in the form of a 10% royalty on any products that are commercialized out of this research project until the loan is fully repaid. Revenue from the sale of the Company’s GE Atlantic salmon is not subject to the royalty, and the Company does not expect to commercialize products that would be subject to the royalty in the next five years.

ACOA term loans

In February 2016, the Canadian Subsidiary executed an agreement with ACOA to partially finance the renovations to the Rollo Bay farm site. All available funding under the agreement was disbursed through May 2017, and no further amounts are available. The loan is being repaid over a 108-month term at a zero percent interest rate.

F-12

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

In November 2018, the Canadian Subsidiary executed a second agreement with ACOA to partially finance the renovations to the Rollo Bay site. All available funding under the agreement was disbursed through March 2019, and no further amounts are available. The loan is being repaid over a 108-month term with a zero percent interest rate. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company was informed by ACOA during 2020, that all loan payments to the Canadian government would be deferred for nine months and resume on January 1, 2021.In July 2021, the Canadian Subsidiary entered into a contribution agreement with ACOA under its REGI-Business Scale-up and Productivity program to provide funding assistance for the Rollo Bay farm site, and on August 20, 2021, the Canadian Subsidiary received C$250,000 ($200,075). All funds received are to be repaid over a 36-month term commencing January 2023 at a zero percent interest rate.

Kubota

In January 2018, the Canadian Subsidiary financed the purchase of equipment through a loan with Kubota. The total amount is being repaid in monthly installments. The loan is secured by the underlying equipment.

Finance PEI (“FPEI”)

FPEI is a corporation of the Ministry of Economic Development and Tourism for Prince Edward Island, Canada, and administers business financing programs for the provincial government.

In August 2016, the Canadian Subsidiary obtained a loan from FPEI to partially finance the purchase of the assets of the former Atlantic Sea Smolt plant in Rollo Bay West on Prince Edward Island.

In 2018, the Canadian Subsidiary obtained a new loan from FPEI, which incorporated the existing loan and provided C$2.0 million ($1.5 million) of additional funds. All funds have been dispersed and the loan is being repaid over an 87-month term ending in November 2023. The loan has an interest rate of 4% and is collateralized by a mortgage executed by the Canadian Subsidiary, which conveys a first security interest in all of its current and acquired assets. The loan is guaranteed by the Parent.

On March 24, 2020, the Company was informed by FPEI that all payments would be deferred for three months due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Payments on the loan resumed on August 1, 2020.

First Farmers Bank & Trust (“FFBT”)

On July 31, 2020, the Company’s Indiana Subsidiary obtained a $4.0 million loan from First Farmers Bank and Trust. Net proceeds were $3.9 million after deducting $90 thousand in loan costs. The loan bears interest at a rate of 5.375% for the first five years. On July 31, 2025, the interest rate resets to the then U.S. Treasury 5-year maturities rate plus 5% and remains fixed at that rate through maturity on October 1, 2028. The note required interest only payments for the first 13 months, followed by monthly principal and interest payments of approximately $57 thousand through maturity. Proceeds from the loan may be used for the purpose of performing equipment upgrades, purchasing equipment and other improvements to the Indiana farm. The Company must comply with certain financial and non-financial covenants and provide certification of compliance quarterly.  At December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. The loan is also subject to certain prepayment penalties and is secured by the assets of the Indiana subsidiary and a guarantee by the Parent. The loan agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance with the bank throughout the loan term. This amount is reflected as restricted cash on the balance sheet.

On October 12, 2021, the Company and First Farmers Bank & Trust agreed to a modification to the terms of its outstanding loan.  The new terms delay the start date of certain of the loan’s negative covenants to the quarter commencing on October 1, 2022 and raises the required restricted cash balance amount from $500 thousand to $1.0 million.  

Department of Fisheries and Oceans (“DFO”)

DFO is a department of the government of Canada responsible for safeguarding its waters and managing its fisheries, oceans and freshwater resources. DFO supports economic growth in the marine and fisheries sectors, and innovation in areas such as aquaculture and biotechnology.

In September 2020, the Canadian Subsidiary entered into a Contribution Agreement with DFO's Atlantic Fisheries Fund, whereby it is eligible to receive up to C$1.9 million ($1.4 million) to finance new equipment for its Rollo Bay farm (the “DFO Term Loan”). On February 25, 2021, the Canadian Subsidiary borrowed C$238,400 ($187,120) and on April 27, 2021 the Canadian Subsidiary borrowed C$276,840 ($219,258) under the DFO Term Loan.  Borrowings are interest free and monthly repayments commence in March 2023, with maturity in August 2032. All funding requests must be submitted by August 22, 2022.

The Company recognized interest expense of $316 thousand and $152 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on its interest-bearing debt.

F-13

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

 

8. Stockholders’ equity

 

The Company’s shareholders have authorized 85 million shares of stock, of which 5 million are authorized as preferred stock and 80 million as common stock. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had zero shares of preferred stock and 71,025,738 shares and 55,497,133 shares of common stock, issued and outstanding, respectively.

Common stock

The holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held at all meetings of stockholders. Dividends and distribution of assets of the Company in the event of liquidation are subject to the preferential rights of any outstanding preferred shares.

Recent issuances

During 2020, the Company completed a series of public offerings, resulting in the aggregate issuance of 33,028,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $104.6 million.

During 2021, the Company completed a public offering of 14,950,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $119.1 million. 

Warrants

The following table summarizes information about outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2021:

 

 

                                                                                                                          

                                                                                                       Number of            Weighted

                                                                                                         options             average

                                                                                                                         exercise price

Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                                                              948,855  $              3.25

Issued                                                                                                              —                    -

Exercised                                                                                                   (530,414)                 3.25

Expired                                                                                                             —                    -

Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                                                              418,441                 3.25

Exercisable at December 31, 2021                                                                              418,441                 3.25

 

All remaining warrants have an expiration date of January 17, 2023.

Share-based compensation

In 2006, the Company established the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2006 Plan”). The 2006 Plan provided for the issuance of incentive stock options to employees of the Company and non-qualified stock options and awards of restricted stock to Directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company. In accordance with its original terms, the 2006 Plan terminated on March 18, 2016. All outstanding awards under the 2006 Plan will continue until their individual termination dates.

In March 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted the AquaBounty Technologies, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”) to replace the 2006 Plan. The 2016 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, and awards of restricted and direct stock purchases to Directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company. Total common shares authorized under the 2016 Plan were 1,900,000, of which 916,516 shares are reserved for future issuance as of December 31, 2021.

F-14

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

Restricted stock

The Company’s restricted stock activity under the 2016 Plan is summarized as follows:

 

 

                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                          Shares             Weighted

                                                                                                                           average grant

                                                                                                                          date fair value

Balance at December 31, 2020                                                                                    92,653  $              1.93

Granted                                                                                                         43,837                 6.67

Vested                                                                                                        (71,390)                 2.86

Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                                    65,100  $              4.10

 

During 2021 and 2020, the Company expensed $240 thousand and $227 thousand, respectively related to restricted stock awards. At December 31, 2021, the balance of unearned share-based compensation to be expensed in future periods related to the restricted stock awards is $147 thousand. The period over which the unearned share-based compensation is expected to be earned is approximately 2.2 years.

Stock options

The Company’s option activity under the 2006 Plan and the 2016 Plan is summarized as follows:

 

 

 

                                                                                                                          

                                                                                                       Number of            Weighted

                                                                                                         options             average

                                                                                                                         exercise price

Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                                                              657,414  $              4.28

Granted                                                                                                        48,914                 6.72

Exercised                                                                                                    (16,667)                 6.90

Forfeited                                                                                                     (1,959)                 6.72

Expired                                                                                                      (24,277)                 6.36

Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                                                              663,425  $              4.31

Exercisable at December 31, 2021                                                                              607,189  $              4.33

 

Options issued to employees, members of the Board of Directors, and non-employees generally vest over a period of one year to three years and are exercisable for a term of ten years from the date of issuance.

The weighted average fair value of stock options granted during 2021 was $5.36 (2020: $1.49). There were 16,667 options exercised in 2021 (2020: zero). The total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2021 was $41 thousand (2020: $0). As of December 31, 2021, the total intrinsic value of all options outstanding was $18 thousand (2020: $3.6 million) and the total intrinsic value of exercisable options was $11 thousand (2020: $3.2 million).

The following table summarizes information about options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2021:

 

 

                                                                                                                                      

           Weighted                          Number of                         Weighted                          Number of             

       average exercise                       options                      average remaining                      options

     price of outstanding                   outstanding                     estimated life                      exercisable

            options                                                           (in years)

         $1.88 - $2.50                        524,019                             7.3                             493,772              

         $3.30 - $6.72                         53,916                             8.4                              27,927              

        $7.50 - $10.80                         16,403                             2.3                              16,403              

        $14.20 - $23.40                        69,087                             4.2                              69,087              

                                              663,425                                                             607,189              

 

F-15

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

The fair values of stock option grants to employees and members of the Board of Directors during 2021 and 2020 were measured on the date of grant using Black-Scholes, with the following weighted average assumptions:

 

 

                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                  2021                     2020

Expected volatility                                                                               111%                   101%-104%

Risk free interest rate                                                                           0.80%                 0.31%-1.67%

Expected dividend yield                                                                            0%                       0%

Expected life (in years)                                                                            5                        5

 

The risk-free interest rate is estimated using the Federal Funds interest rate for a period that is commensurate with the expected term of the awards. The expected dividend yield is zero because the Company has never paid a dividend and does not expect to do so for the foreseeable future. The expected life was based on a number of factors including historical experience, vesting provisions, exercise price relative to market price, and expected volatility. The Company believes that all groups of employees demonstrate similar exercise and post-vesting termination behavior and, therefore, does not stratify employees into multiple groups and forfeitures are recognized as they occur. The expected volatility was estimated using the Company’s historical price volatility over a period that is commensurate with the expected term of the awards.

Total share-based compensation on stock-option grants amounted to $154 thousand and $251 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  As of December 31, 2021, the balance of unearned share-based compensation to be expensed in future periods related to unvested share-based awards is $182 thousand. The period over which the unearned share-based compensation is expected to be earned is 2.2 years.

Share-based compensation

The following table summarizes share-based compensation costs recognized in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

 

                                                                                                                          

                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                       2021                    2020

Research and development                                                                   $                      -  $                497

General and administrative                                                                                  394,237               436,194

Total share-based compensation                                                             $                394,237  $            436,691

 

9. Income taxes

 

The components of loss before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are presented below:

                                                                                                                        

                                                                                                                        

                                                                                                     2021                    2020

Domestic                                                                                    $         (21,105,065)  $          (15,768,224)

Foreign                                                                                                (1,217,523)                (631,761)

Loss before income taxes                                                                    $         (22,322,588)  $          (16,399,985)

 

We have made no provision for foreign or domestic income taxes on the cumulative unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.  We intend to permanently reinvest all foreign earnings and have no intention to repatriate foreign earnings for the foreseeable future.

F-16

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

Income taxes computed using the federal statutory income tax rate differs from the Company’s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 primarily due to the following:

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                   2021                    2020

Income tax benefit                                                                        $         (4,687,744)  $          (3,443,997)

State and provincial income tax, net of federal benefit                                             (1,157,840)               (732,994)

Permanent differences                                                                                   202,583                 131,141

US-Foreign rate differential                                                                             39,045               (142,663)

Other, net                                                                                            (299,071)               (145,973)

                                                                                          $         (5,903,027)  $          (4,334,486)

Change in valuation allowance                                                                         5,903,027               4,334,486

Total income tax                                                                          $                   -  $                    -

 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has domestic net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $78 million, after consideration of limitations pursuant to section 382, to offset future federal taxable income, which begin to expire in 2032. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has domestic net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $50 million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. The future utilization of certain historic net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, however, is subject to annual use limitations based on the change in stock ownership rules of Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383. The Company experienced a change in ownership under these rules during 2012 and revised its calculation of net operating loss carryforwards based on annual limitation rules. The Company also has foreign research and development loss carryforwards totaling approximately $11 million and foreign research and development expense tax credits of approximately $2 million as of December 31, 2021, which expire at various times commencing in 2022. Since the Company has incurred only losses from inception and there is uncertainty related to the ultimate use of the loss carryforwards and tax credits, a valuation allowance has been recognized to offset the Company’s deferred tax assets, and no benefit for income taxes has been recorded.

Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

 

 

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                    2021                    2020

Deferred tax assets:                                                                                                 

Net operating loss carryforwards                                                          $           23,216,863  $           16,964,199

Foreign research and development tax credit carryforwards                                              2,428,663               2,679,180

Property and equipment                                                                                   145,530                  56,697

Intangibles and other                                                                                  2,934,441               3,122,394

Total deferred tax assets                                                                 $           28,725,497  $           22,822,470

Valuation allowance                                                                       $         (28,725,497)  $         (22,822,470)

Net deferred tax assets                                                                   $                    -  $                    -

 

10. Commitments and contingencies

 

The Company recognizes and discloses commitments when it enters into executed contractual obligations with other parties. The Company accrues contingent liabilities when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.

The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the normal course of business. Management believes that final disposition of any such matters existing at December 31, 2021, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or results of operations.

Lease commitments

Lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, amounted to $84 thousand and $86 thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term of the Company’s operating leases was 24.1 years. Lease payments included in operating cash flows totaled $84 thousand and $85 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

F-17

 



Table of Contents

 

AquaBounty Technologies, Inc.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

 

The table below summarizes the Company’s lease obligations as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:

 

 

 

                                                                                                             

                                                                                                             

                                                                               December 31, 2021                 December 31, 2020

                                                                                 Lease Liability                   Lease Liability

Total leases                                                           $                        290,327  $                        352,810

Less: current portion                                                                          (66,269)                          (62,483)

Long-term leases                                                       $                        224,058  $                      $ 290,327

 

The Company used a weighted average discount rate of 8% in calculating the net present value of the future lease payments. The current portion of the lease liability is included as a component of other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

Remaining payments under leases are as follows as of December 31, 2021:

 

 

                                                                                                                

 Year                                                                                                                    Amount

2022                                                                                                        $                      84,080

2023                                                                                                                               33,872

2024                                                                                                                               17,481

2025                                                                                                                               18,006

2026                                                                                                                               18,546

Thereafter                                                                                                                        583,328

Total lease payments                                                                                                              755,313

Less: imputed interest                                                                                                          (464,986)

Total operating lease liabilities                                                                           $                     290,327

 

11. Retirement plan

 

The Company has a savings and retirement plan for its US employees that qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers substantially all employees and provides for voluntary contributions by participating employees up to the maximum contribution allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. Contributions by the Company can be made, as determined by the Board of Directors, provided the amount does not exceed the maximum permitted by the Internal Revenue Code. Company contributions made and expensed in operations in connection with the plan during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, amounted to $81 thousand and $72 thousand, respectively.

The Company also has a Registered Retirement Savings Plan for its Canadian employees. Company contributions made and expensed in operations in connection with the plan during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, amounted to $38 thousand and $32 thousand, respectively.

 

12. Related Party Agreement

 

Letter Agreement with Third Security

On July 30, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with TS Aquaculture LLC and certain of its affiliates (“TS Aquaculture”) that required the Company to file a registration statement to register the Company’s shares held by TS Aquaculture.  The registration statement was filed on August 5, 2021 and TS Aquaculture completed a transaction to sell 12,880,000 shares of common stock of the Company on November 23, 2021.  TS Aquaculture ceased being a related party after completing the sale.  TS Aquaculture agreed to pay all expenses incurred in connection with these transactions, which totaled $418 thousand and is included in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021.

 

 

F-18