10-K 1 sq2013-2-10-k-2023.htm 10-K 
 
 
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
FORM 10-K 
 
(Mark One) 
 ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
or 
 
 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from                     to__________
333-179292-07 
(Commission File Number of issuing entity) 
0001564968 
(Central Index Key Number of issuing entity) 
 
Sequoia Mortgage Trust 2013-2 
(Exact name of issuing entity as specified in its charter) 
 
333-179292 
(Commission File Number of depositor) 
0001176320 
(Central Index Key Number of depositor) 
 
Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc. 
(Exact name of depositor as specified in its charter) 
 
0001530239 
(Central Index Key Number of sponsor) 
 
RWT Holdings, Inc. 
(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 
 
 
                                                             New York                                                                              38-3896066
                                                                                                                                                   38-3896067
                                                 (State or other jurisdiction of                                                                (I.R.S. Employer
                                       incorporation or organization of the issuing entity)                                                    Identification No.)
                                                                                                                                   
                                                        c/o Citibank, N.A.                                                                            10013
                                             388 Greenwich Street Trading, 4th Floor
                                                        New York, New York
                                  (Address of principal executive offices of the issuing entity)                                                   (Zip Code)
(212) 816-5693 
(Telephone number, including area code) 
 
 

 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 
        Title of each class                 Trading Symbol(s)                                  Name of each exchange on which
                                                                                                         registered
 None                                                                   
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None.
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    ☐  Yes    ☒  No 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    ☐  Yes    ☒  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    ☐  Yes    ☒  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
Not Applicable 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
Large accelerated filer                                   ☐                 Accelerated filer                                         ☐
                                                                                                                                     
Non-accelerated filer                                     ☒                 Smaller reporting company                                 ☐
                                                                                                                                     
Emerging growth company                                   ☐                                                                            
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.     o
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o
 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    ☐  Yes    ☒  No 
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
Not Applicable 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 
Not Applicable 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
Not Applicable 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 
Not applicable 
 
 
 

 
EXPLANATORY NOTES
 
 
1.  Effective March 1, 2023, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. transferred the duties, rights and liabilities of the master servicer and the custodian under the SEMT 2013-2 PSA to Computershare Trust Company, National Association as successor master servicer and custodian under the SEMT 2013-2 PSA, as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the registrant on March 7, 2023 under Commission File No. 333-179292-07.
 
2. On Monday, May 1, 2023, First Republic Bank was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) was appointed Receiver. No advance notice is given to the public when a financial institution is closed. It is the depositor’s and sponsor’s understanding that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acquired all deposit accounts and substantially all the assets of First Republic Bank.  In connection with such resolution of First Republic Bank, effective May 1, 2023, it is the depositor’s and sponsor’s understanding that the FDIC transferred the duties, rights and liabilities of First Republic Bank as a servicer of SEMT 2013-2 to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as successor servicer. Due to the circumstances relating to this servicing transfer, no Current Report on Form 8-K has yet been filed by the registrant with the Commission relating thereto as these circumstances were not anticipated as part of the ordinary course process for preparing and submitting such a filing.  However, the depositor and sponsor are seeking to collect the appropriate information from JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as successor servicer, and the FDIC, as receiver for First Republic Bank, in order to make such filing as soon as practicable.  In addition, the depositor and sponsor are updating their procedures in order to identify and correct reporting processes relating to insolvent service providers going forward.
 
3. In connection with the resolution and receivership of First Republic Bank by the FDIC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. assumed only the servicing obligations with respect to SEMT 2013-2 from and after May 1, 2023.  The depositor's and sponsor's understanding is that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has no obligations with respect to servicing prior to such date, including without limitation any obligation to provide attestations or reports with respect to First Republic Bank’s servicing activities relating to SEMT 2013-2 during such prior period.  In addition, it is the depositor's and sponsor's understanding that virtually all assets of First Republic Bank have been transferred to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as of May 1, 2023, including without limitation many or most of the former personnel of First Republic Bank.  Consequently, it is the depositor’s and sponsor's current understanding that the receivership of First Republic Bank is not providing any of the reports required to be filed hereunder with respect to First Republic Bank for the period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending April 30, 2023.  None of the depositor or sponsor have any affiliation with First Republic Bank, the FDIC or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.; and the depositor's and sponsor's third-party efforts to obtain such reports relating to First Republic Bank for that four-month period from the receivership have not been successful.
 
PART I 
Item 1. Business. 
Omitted. 
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
Omitted. 
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
None. 
Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 
Omitted. 
Item 2. Properties. 
Omitted. 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
Omitted. 
3

 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
Omitted. 
PART II 
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
Omitted. 
Item 6. [Reserved] 
Omitted. 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Omitted. 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
Omitted. 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
Omitted. 
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
Omitted. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
Omitted. 
Item 9B. Other Information. 
None. 
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
None. 
PART III 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
Omitted. 
Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
Omitted. 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
Omitted. 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
4

 
Omitted. 
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
Omitted. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE ITEMS REQUIRED BY GENERAL INSTRUCTION J(2) 
Item 1112(b) of Regulation AB, Significant Obligor Financial Information. 
No single obligor represents 10% or more of the pool assets held by the issuing entity. 
Item 1114(b)(2) of Regulation AB, Significant Enhancement Provider Financial Information. 
No entity or group of affiliated entities provides any external credit enhancement or other support for the certificates within this transaction as described under Item 1114(a) of Regulation AB. 
Item 1115(b) of Regulation AB, Certain Derivatives Instruments (Financial Information). 
No entity or group of affiliated entities provides any derivative instruments or other support for the certificates within this transaction as described under Item 1115 of Regulation AB. 
Item 1117 of Regulation AB, Legal Proceedings. 
 
There is no significant update regarding the litigation matters described in Redwood’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under the heading “Item 1117 of Regulation AB, Legal Proceedings.”
 
The depositor has been notified by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (“Wells Fargo”) of material pending legal proceedings to which Wells Fargo is subject in connection with its role as trustee on certain RMBS transactions. This Sequoia transaction is not a party to nor subject to the pending legal proceedings.
 
The disclosure that the depositor received from Wells Fargo is included here:
 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
 
In December 2014, Phoenix Light SF Limited (Phoenix Light) and certain related entities filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging claims against Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., in its capacity as trustee for a number of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) trusts. Complaints raising similar allegations have been filed by Commerzbank AG in the Southern District of New York, IKB International and IKB Deutsche Industriebank (together, IKB) in New York state court, and Park Royal I LLC and Park Royal II LLC in New York state court. In each case, the plaintiffs allege that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, caused losses to investors, and plaintiffs assert causes of action based upon, among other things, the trustee’s alleged failure to notify and enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for purported breaches of representations and warranties, notify investors of alleged events of default, and abide by appropriate standards of care following alleged events of default. In July 2022, the district court dismissed Phoenix Light’s claims and certain of the claims asserted by Commerzbank AG, and subsequently entered judgment in each case in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. In August 2022, Phoenix Light and Commerzbank AG each appealed the district court’s decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Phoenix Light dismissed its appeal in May 2023, terminating its case. In November 2023, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. entered into an agreement with IKB to resolve IKB’s claims. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. previously settled two class actions filed by institutional investors and an action filed by the National Credit Union Administration with similar allegations.
 
Item 1119 of Regulation AB, Affiliations and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
The seller and servicing administrator, the sponsor and the depositor are each either directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries of Redwood Trust, Inc. There is not currently, and there was not during the past two years, any material business relationship, agreement, arrangement, transaction or understanding that is or was entered into outside the ordinary course of business or is or was on terms other than would be obtained in an arm’s length transaction with an unrelated third party, between (a) any of the seller, the sponsor, the depositor and the issuing entity on the one hand and (b) any of the trustee, any servicer, the custodian, the master servicer, the securities administrator or either originator of the mortgage loans on the other hand. 
5

 
Item 1122 of Regulation AB, Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria. 
The reports on assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and the related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance are attached hereto under Item 15. 
The registrant has prepared the Table below in connection with this transaction. The Table shows, in one compiled format, which entity participating in a servicing function for this transaction was assigned responsibility for each criterion in Item 1122(d). In the Table below, certain criteria are not applicable, given the structure of the offering, and accordingly no entity is assigned responsibility for such criteria. 
On November 1, 2021, Wells Fargo transferred substantially all of its Corporate Trust Services business to Computershare Trust Company, N.A. ("CTCNA") and its affiliates. For certain transactions where one or more of Wells Fargo's roles did not transfer to CTCNA on November 1, 2021, Wells Fargo engaged CTCNA as its agent to perform certain duties under the related transaction documents. Therefore, the reports on assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and the related attestation reports on such assessments of compliance of CTCNA, as agent to Wells Fargo in its capacities as master servicer and custodian are included under Item 15.  See also Explanatory Note #1.  
Also, Christiana Trust, a division of Wilmington Savings Fund Society FSB (“Christiana”), the trustee, does not participate in any servicing function for the transaction that is the subject of this 10-K filing. Therefore, there is no reference to Christiana in the chart below; nor does this 10-K filing include any assessment or auditor report from Christiana. Finally, any discrepancies between the chart below and the assessment of compliance exhibit provided by any party listed in the chart is explained by the fact that the chart is specific to the transaction that is the subject of this 10-K filing, whereas each party’s respective assessment of compliance is issued on a platform basis and includes coverage of other additional transactions that are not the subject of this 10-K filing. 
SEQUOIA RESIDENTIAL FUNDING, INC. 
SEMT 2013-2 
Regulation AB 1122(d) 
 
Regulation AB                    Servicing                    Wells      Citibank, N.A.,      PHH         First      Cenlar,        Redwood          Wells
Reference                        Criteria                     Fargo       as Securities     Mortgage     Republic    FSB, as      Residential      Fargo (or
                                                          (or CTCNA as    Administrator    Corp., as    Bank (or     Servicer     Acquisition       CTCNA as
                                                            its agent      and Paying      Servicer      JPMorgan                Corporation,      its agent
                                                               and            Agent                    Chase Bank,               as Servicing         and
                                                           successor),                                 N.A. as its               Administrator    successor),
                                                                as                                     successor),                                     as
                                                             Master                                         as                                     Custodian
                                                            Servicer                                    Servicer
                                                                                                                                               
General Servicing Considerations
                                                                                                                                               
1122(d)(1)(i)     Policies and procedures are instituted        X               X              X            X           X                         
                   to monitor any performance or other                                                                                           
                   triggers and events of default in
                   accordance with the transaction
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                               
1122(d)(1)(ii)    If any material servicing activities          X               X              X            X           X                         
                   are outsourced to third parties,                                                                                              
                   policies and procedures are
                   instituted to monitor the third
                   party’s performance and compliance
                   with such servicing
                   activities.
                                                                                                                                               
6

 
1122(d)(1)(iii)   Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the      N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A
                   pool assets are                                                                                                              
                   maintained.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(1)(iv)    A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating     X           X     X     X          
                   in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage                                          
                   required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(1)(v)     Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the                     X     X     X     X          
                   information conveyed accurately reflects the                                                                                 
                   information.
                                                                                                                                                
Cash Collection and Administration                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(2)(i)     Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate bank collection accounts and     X     X     X     X     X          
                   related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or                                          
                   such other number of days specified in the transaction
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(2)(ii)    Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made     X     X     X     X     X          
                   only by authorized                                                                                                           
                   personnel.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(2)(iii)   Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and     X           X     X     X     X    
                   any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and                                                 
                   
7

 
                          approved as specified in the transaction agreements.                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(2)(iv)            The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a      X  X  X  X  X     
                           form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash)                     
                           as set forth in the transaction
                           agreements.
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(2)(v)             Each collection account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the   X  X  X  X  X     
                           transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, “federally insured depository institution” with                   
                           respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the
                           requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange
                           Act.
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(2)(vi)            Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access.                                     X  X  X  X        
                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(2)(vii)           Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts,    X  X  X  X  X     
                           including collection accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A)                           
                           mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or
                           such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and
                           
8

 
                 approved by someone other than the person who prepared the                                                                           
                  reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for
                  reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved
                  within 90 calendar days of their original identification,
                  or such other number of days specified in the transaction
                  agreements.
                                                                                                                                                     
Investor Remittances and Reporting                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(3)(i)    Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the   X  X       X (Except            X (Except            X (Except          
                  Commission, are maintained in accordance with the                         NOT                  NOT                  NOT            
                  transaction agreements and applicable Commission                    1122(d)(3)(i)(C))    1122(d)(3)(i)(C))    1122(d)(3)(i)(C))
                  requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared
                  in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in
                  the transaction agreements; (B) provide information
                  calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the
                  transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission
                  as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree
                  with investors’ or the trustee’s records as to the total
                  unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets
                  serviced by the
                  Servicer.
                                                                                                                                                    
1122(d)(3)(ii)   Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in       X  X           X                    X                    X              
                  accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and                                                                              
                  other terms set forth in the
                  
9

 
                  transaction agreements.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(3)(iii)   Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the Servicer’s investor records,    X  X  X  X    X      
                   or such other number of days specified in the transaction                                                                       
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(3)(iv)    Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of         X  X  X  X    X      
                   payment, or custodial bank                                                                                                      
                   statements.
 
Pool Asset Administration
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(4)(i)     Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related           X  X     X*   X
                   pool asset                                                                                                                *     
                   documents.
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(4)(ii)    Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements.                       X  X     X*   X
                                                                                                                                             *     
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(4)(iii)   Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed & approved in accordance with        X  X    X      
                   any conditions or requirements in the transaction                                                                               
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                                 
1122(d)(4)(iv)    Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents           X  X    X      
                   are posted to the Servicer’s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or                        
                   such other number of days specified in the transaction
                   
10

 
                   agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool                   
                    asset
                    documents.
                                                                                                                                                   
1122(d)(4)(v)      The Servicer’s records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicer’s records with respect to an obligor’s          X  X  X     
                    unpaid principal                                                                                                                   
                    balance.
                                                                                                                                                   
1122(d)(4)(vi)     Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor’s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are      X  X  X     
                    made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool                 
                    asset
                    documents.
                                                                                                                                                   
1122(d)(4)(vii)    Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure,            X  X  X     
                    foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the                       
                    timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction
                    agreements.
                                                                                                                                                   
1122(d)(4)(viii)   Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance         X  X  X     
                    with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period                     
                    specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity’s
                    
11

 
                  activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling                  
                   plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or
                   unemployment).
                                                                                                                                                     
1122(d)(4)(ix)    Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the             X  X  X     
                   related pool asset                                                                                                                   
                   documents.
                                                                                                                                                     
1122(d)(4)(x)     Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in                X  X  X     
                   accordance with the obligor’s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in                   
                   the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with
                   applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar
                   days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
                   agreements.
                                                                                                                                                     
1122(d)(4)(xi)    Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty        X  X  X     
                   or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support                  
                   has been received by the
                   
12

 
                   servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days                                        
                    specified in the transaction
                    agreements.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(4)(xii)    Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an                  X     X     X          
                    obligor are paid from the Servicer’s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the                                      
                    late payment was due to the obligor’s error or
                    omission.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(4)(xiii)   Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the                 X     X     X          
                    obligor’s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified                                       
                    in the transaction
                    agreements.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(4)(xiv)    Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in      X     *     X     X     X          
                    accordance with the transaction                                                                                            
                    agreements.
                                                                                                                                           
1122(d)(4)(xv)     Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3)     N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A   N/A
                    or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction                                               
                    agreements.
 
 *  The Revised PSA inadvertently and mistakenly indicates by “X” that Citibank performs Reg AB Item 1122(d)(4)(xiv). However, this
     Chart, as well as Citibank’s management assessment report and report of the independent accountants are accurate in that Reg AB
     Item 1122(d)(4)(xiv) is not performed by Citibank. This Reg AB Item 1122(d)(4)(xiv) servicing criteria function is being
     performed by other parties. In this SEMT 2013-2 transaction, the Reg AB Item 1122(d)(4)(xiv) servicing criteria function is
     performed by Wells Fargo (or CTCNA as its agent and successor), as master servicer, and by underlying servicers PHH Mortgage
     Corporation, First Republic Bank and Cenlar FSB.
     
     
 ** The Revised PSA indicates by “X” that Cenlar FSB performs Reg AB Items 1122(d)(4)(i-ii). However, Cenlar FSB’s management
     assessment report and report of the independent accountants state that Reg AB Items 1122(d)(4)(i-ii) are not
     
13

 
  performed by Cenlar. In this SEMT 2013-2 transaction, the Reg AB Items 1122(d)(4)(i-ii) servicing criteria functions, as to Cenlar
   FSB, are instead performed by Wells Fargo (or CTCNA as its agent and successor), as custodian.
   
 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
 
The report on assessment of compliance with applicable servicing criteria furnished pursuant to Item 1122 of Regulation AB by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the “Company”) relating to the First Republic Bank  servicing platform that it had acquired from the FDIC as receiver (the “FRB Transferred Servicing”) discloses some material instances of noncompliance occurred, as described below:
 
Material Instances of Noncompliance by the Company
 
Management’s assessment of compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB for the Period1 (as defined below), disclosed that material instances of noncompliance occurred with respect to the servicing criterion set forth in Items 1122(d)(2)(v), 1122(d)(4)(vi), and 1122(d)(4)(x)(b) as follows:
 
1122(d)(2)(v): Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, “federally insured depository institution” with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of §240.13k-1(b)(1) of this chapter.
 
Custodial accounts for certain transactions were not maintained at an institution meeting the minimum rating agency requirements set forth in applicable agreements.
 
1122(d)(4)(vi): Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's pool asset (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents.
 
An instance was identified where a title transfer occurred without obtaining approval as required by the applicable transaction agreement.
 
1122(d)(4)(x)(b): Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): Interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws. 
 
Certain instances were identified where interest on funds held in trust for an obligor was not paid or credited in accordance with state laws.
 
Management’s Discussion of the Material Instances of Noncompliance2
 
1.1122(d)(2)(v) – Maintenance of Custodial Accounts:
 
a) 	General. The transaction agreements for the FRB Transferred Servicing transactions require the institutions maintaining custodial accounts for each transaction to satisfy certain eligibility criteria.  Generally, such eligibility criteria can be satisfied if the institution holding the account either (i) possesses requisite long and/or short-term credit ratings from the specified rating agency(ies) (collectively, the “Requisite Ratings”), or (ii) satisfies one of the other alternative means of establishing account eligibility (collectively, “Alternative Means”).  With respect to certain custodial accounts maintained by the Company during the Period, Management has determined that such custodial accounts were not maintained “as set forth in the transaction agreements” because (i) the Company’s long and/or short-term issuer ratings during the Period were lower than the related Requisite Ratings thresholds for such transactions, and (ii) there was no Alternative Means during the Period to satisfy account eligibility requirements for such transactions. 
 
b) 	Background.  Management disclosed account eligibility noncompliance as a material instance of noncompliance in its Management’s Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period.
 
c) 	Current Scope.  As of the end of the Period, Management has determined that some of the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing transactions listed on Appendix B to the Company's 2023 Management’s Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria have account eligibility noncompliance.  While the scope of account eligibility noncompliance may be quantitatively material for the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing platform, Management believes that the account eligibility noncompliance does not have a material impact on either (i) the Company’s ability to service the transactions in accordance with the transaction agreements, or (ii) the securities issued in connection with the related transactions or the investors holding such securities.
 
14

 
d) 	Remediation.  With the acquisition of the FRB Transferred Servicing platform from First Republic Bank on May 1, 2023, the Company has taken responsibility for remediating servicing transactions with account eligibility noncompliance since it is now performing the activities related to Item 1122(d)(2)(v). The Company intends to address the account eligibility noncompliance as part of its ongoing transition of the servicing business and may either move the affected accounts to banking institutions with Requisite Ratings or pursue an alternative resolution mutually acceptable to the parties.
 
2.1122(d)(4)(vi) – Transfer of Title:
 
a) 	General. The transaction agreements for the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing platform transactions require certain approvals before changes made be made to the underlying mortgages, including without limitation transfers of title.
 
b) 	Background.  Management disclosed noncompliance with obtaining the requisite approval relating to a transfer of title as a material instance of noncompliance on its Management’s Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period.
 
c) 	Current Scope.  As of the end of the Period, Management has determined that only one such instance of noncompliance has occurred.  While the scope of account eligibility noncompliance may quantitatively material for the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing platform, Management believes that such noncompliance does not have a material impact on either (i) the Company’s ability to service the transactions in accordance with the transaction agreements, or (ii) the securities issued in connection with the related transactions or the investors holding such securities.
 
d) 	Remediation.  With the acquisition of the FRB Transferred Servicing platform from First Republic Bank on May 1, 2023, the Company has taken responsibility for remediating servicing transactions with noncompliance since it is now performing the activities related to Item 1122(d)(4)(vi). The Company intends to address the noncompliance as part of its ongoing transition of the servicing business to the Company’s existing servicing platform.
 
3. 1122(d)(4)(x)(b) – Interest on Escrow Funds:
 
a) 	General. The transaction agreements for the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing platform transactions require the institutions maintaining escrow accounts for each transaction to comply with applicable federal and state law. 
 
b) 	Background.  Management disclosed escrow account noncompliance as a material instance of noncompliance on its Management’s Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria for the Period.
 
c) 	Current Scope.  As of the end of the Period, Management has determined that some of the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing transactions listed on Appendix B to the Company's 2023 Management’s Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria have escrow account noncompliance.  While the scope of escrow account noncompliance is quantitatively material for the Company’s FRB Transferred Servicing platform, Management believes that the escrow account noncompliance does not have a material impact on either (i) the Company’s ability to service the transactions in accordance with the transaction agreements, or (ii) the securities issued in connection with the related transactions or the investors holding such securities.
 
d) 	Remediation.  With the acquisition of the FRB Transferred Servicing platform from First Republic Bank on May 1, 2023, the Company has taken responsibility for remediating servicing transactions with escrow account noncompliance since it is now performing the activities related to Item 1122(d)(4)(x)(b). An analysis and correction plan is underway and the Company intends to address the escrow account noncompliance as part of its ongoing transition of the servicing business to the Company’s existing servicing platform.
______________________
 
1Due to the transfer by the FDIC of First Republic Bank’s assets, including servicing, to JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. on May 1, 2023, and for purposes of its servicing activities related to Item 1122(d)(2)(v) of Regulation AB, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.’s reporting period for its FRB Transferred Servicing platform was from May 1, 2023 through and including December 31, 2023 (the “Period”).
 
2Management’s Discussion of the Material Instances of Noncompliance is not subject to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s attestation.
The identified instance relating to Item 1122(d)(4)(vi) did not involve the servicing of the assets backing the asset-backed securities covered in this Form 10-K.
 
The identified instance relating to Item 1122(d)(4)(x)(b) did involve the servicing of the assets backing the assetbacked securities covered in this Form 10-K.
15

 
 
An analysis is currently underway to determine whether the identified instance relating to Item 1122(d)(2)(v) involves the servicing of the assets backing the assetbacked securities covered in this Form 10-K but it is likely that it does.
Item 1123 of Regulation AB, Servicer Compliance Statement. 
The servicer compliance statements are attached hereto under Item 15. 
PART IV 
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
(a)List the following documents filed as a part of the report: 
 
(1)Not Applicable 
(2)Not Applicable 
(3)Exhibits listed below are included as indicated below: 
 
 
Exhibit  Description
 Number  
(4)      Amended and Restated Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2014, by and among Sequoia Residential Funding,
          Inc., as depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as master servicer, Citibank, N.A., as securities administrator and Christiana
          Trust, A Division of Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on
          January 6, 2014, Exhibit 20.2) (SEC File Number 333-179292-07)
          
         
(31)     Rule 13a-14(d)/15d-14(d) Certification 
         
         
(33)     Reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers
         
         
         33.1 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1, 2023 
         
          
         33.1a Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Sub-Contractor for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1,
          2023 and as Master Servicer on and after March 1, 2023
          
         
         33.2 PHH Mortgage Corporation, as Servicer 
         
         
         33.3a First Republic Bank, as Servicer prior to May 1, 2023 (See Explanatory Notes 2 and 3.)
         
          
         33.3b JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Servicer on and after May 1, 2023
         
         33.4 Cenlar, FSB, as Servicer 
         
         
         33.4a CoreLogic Tax Services, LLC (“CoreLogic”), as Sub-Contractor for Cenlar FSB, as to Item 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
         
         
         33.4b American Security Insurance Company, Standard Guaranty Insurance Company and TrackSure Insurance Agency, Inc.
          (collectively, “Assurant”), as Sub-Contractor for Cenlar FSB, as to Item 1122(d)(4)(xi)
          
         
         33.5 Redwood Residential Acquisition Corporation, as Servicing Administrator 
         
         
         33.6 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Custodian prior to March 1, 2023
         
         
          33.6a Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Sub-Contractor for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Custodian prior to March 1, 2023
         and as Custodian on and after March 1,
         2023
         
         33.7 Citibank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and Paying Agent 
         
         
(34)     Attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities
         
16

 
      
      34.1 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1, 2023
      
       
      34.1a Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Sub-Contractor for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1,
       2023 and as Master Servicer on and after March 1,
       2023
      
      34.2 PHH Mortgage Corporation, as Servicer 
      
      
      34.3a First Republic Bank, as Servicer prior to May 1, 2023 (See Explanatory Notes 2 and 3.)
      
       
      34.3b JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Servicer on and after May 1, 2023
      
      34.4 Cenlar, FSB, as Servicer 
      
      
      34.4a CoreLogic Tax Services, LLC (“CoreLogic”), as Sub-Contractor for Cenlar FSB, as to Item 1122(d)(4)(xi) 
      
      
      34.4b American Security Insurance Company, Standard Guaranty Insurance Company and TrackSure Insurance Agency, Inc.
       (collectively, “Assurant”), as Sub-Contractor for Cenlar FSB, as to Item 1122(d)(4)(xi)
       
      
      34.5 Redwood Residential Acquisition Corporation, as Servicing Administrator 
      
      
      34.6 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Custodian prior to March 1, 2023
      
       
      34.6a Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Sub-Contractor for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Custodian prior to March 1, 2023 and
       as Custodian on and after March 1, 2023
       
      
      34.7 Citibank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and Paying Agent 
      
      
(35)  Servicer Compliance Statement
      
      
      35.1 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1, 2023
      
       
      35.1a Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Sub-Contractor for Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer prior to March 1, 2023
      
     35.1b Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Master Servicer on and after March 1, 2023
      
      35.2a First Republic Bank, as Servicer prior to May 1, 2023 (See Explanatory Notes 2 and 3.)
      
       
      35.2b JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Servicer on and after May 1, 2023
      
      35.3 Cenlar, FSB, as Servicer 
      
      
      35.4 Redwood Residential Acquisition Corporation, as Servicing Administrator 
      
      
      35.5 Citibank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and Paying Agent 
      
 
(b)See subparagraph (a)(3) above. 
(c)Omitted. 
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
Omitted. 
 
17

 
SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
  
 Sequoia Residential Funding, Inc.
 (Depositor)
  
 /s/ Jeremy P. Strom
 President
 (senior officer in charge of securitization of the
  depositor)
Date: April 1, 2024
 
18

